80	0.0	Siegius	0.8	0.2

=========================
 population_size: 80
vaccination_rate: 0.0
      virus_name: Siegius
  mortality_rate: 0.8
  infection_rate: 0.2
initial_infected: 20
num_interactions: 12

cycle # 1 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 1 ------
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 69!
person # 1 infected person # 68!
person # 17 is already diseased
lucky person # 72 didn't get sick
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 29 didn't get sick
lucky person # 45 didn't get sick

------ person # 2 ------
lucky person # 58 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 45 didn't get sick
lucky person # 74 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 60!
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 27!

------ person # 3 ------
person # 3 infected person # 45!
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 65 didn't get sick
lucky person # 36 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 3 infected person # 35!
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
person # 8 is already diseased
lucky person # 74 didn't get sick
person # 15 is already diseased

------ person # 4 ------
lucky person # 48 didn't get sick
person # 17 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 4 infected person # 40!
person # 4 infected person # 58!
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 43 didn't get sick
lucky person # 44 didn't get sick
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
lucky person # 29 didn't get sick
person # 60 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased

------ person # 5 ------
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
person # 16 is already diseased
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
person # 17 is already diseased
person # 1 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 58 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick

------ person # 6 ------
person # 60 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 8 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
person # 1 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 6 infected person # 66!
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
person # 58 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick

------ person # 7 ------
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 29 didn't get sick
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 47 didn't get sick
person # 12 is already diseased
person # 7 infected person # 59!
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
lucky person # 80 didn't get sick
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 1 is already diseased

------ person # 8 ------
lucky person # 80 didn't get sick
person # 8 infected person # 47!
person # 69 is already diseased
person # 8 infected person # 36!
person # 5 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 8 infected person # 73!
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 45 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 8 infected person # 50!
person # 20 is already diseased

------ person # 9 ------
person # 9 infected person # 21!
lucky person # 53 didn't get sick
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
person # 5 is already diseased
lucky person # 44 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 18 is already diseased
person # 69 is already diseased

------ person # 10 ------
lucky person # 29 didn't get sick
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
lucky person # 43 didn't get sick
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
person # 18 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
person # 10 infected person # 44!
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
person # 10 infected person # 46!

------ person # 11 ------
person # 46 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
person # 60 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 68 is already diseased
person # 14 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick

------ person # 12 ------
lucky person # 65 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 80 didn't get sick
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 14 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 46 is already diseased

------ person # 13 ------
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 58 is already diseased
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 31 didn't get sick
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 60 is already diseased

------ person # 14 ------
person # 18 is already diseased
person # 14 infected person # 72!
person # 2 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 9 is already diseased
person # 4 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 21 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
person # 47 is already diseased

------ person # 15 ------
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 44 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 29 didn't get sick
person # 15 infected person # 62!
lucky person # 43 didn't get sick
person # 72 is already diseased
lucky person # 65 didn't get sick
person # 68 is already diseased
person # 3 is already diseased
person # 12 is already diseased
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick

------ person # 16 ------
person # 68 is already diseased
person # 47 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 1 is already diseased
person # 16 infected person # 79!
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
person # 5 is already diseased
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick

------ person # 17 ------
person # 47 is already diseased
lucky person # 48 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 45 is already diseased

------ person # 18 ------
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
person # 19 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
person # 6 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased

------ person # 19 ------
person # 14 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 19 infected person # 74!
person # 3 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 72 is already diseased
person # 19 infected person # 31!
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 47 is already diseased

------ person # 20 ------
person # 9 is already diseased
person # 44 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
person # 62 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 31 is already diseased

=========================
cycle # 1 has ended...
cycle # 2 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 21 ------
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 69 is already diseased
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 43 didn't get sick
person # 50 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 47 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick

------ person # 27 ------
lucky person # 41 didn't get sick
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 47 is already diseased
lucky person # 43 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 21 is already diseased
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
person # 68 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased

------ person # 31 ------
lucky person # 80 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 31 infected person # 43!
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 60 is already diseased
lucky person # 65 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick

------ person # 35 ------
lucky person # 41 didn't get sick
lucky person # 53 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
person # 43 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick

------ person # 36 ------
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 36 infected person # 56!
person # 36 infected person # 29!
person # 47 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
person # 35 is already diseased

------ person # 40 ------
person # 40 infected person # 57!
person # 40 infected person # 80!
lucky person # 53 didn't get sick
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
person # 68 is already diseased
person # 21 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick

------ person # 44 ------
person # 21 is already diseased
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
person # 57 is already diseased
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 53 didn't get sick
person # 29 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 44 infected person # 41!

------ person # 45 ------
person # 36 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 47 is already diseased
person # 80 is already diseased
person # 21 is already diseased
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
person # 46 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased

------ person # 46 ------
person # 46 infected person # 65!
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 31 is already diseased
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
person # 69 is already diseased

------ person # 47 ------
person # 58 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 69 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
lucky person # 48 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 68 is already diseased
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick

------ person # 50 ------
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
person # 65 is already diseased

------ person # 58 ------
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 21 is already diseased
person # 72 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 69 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 57 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick

------ person # 59 ------
person # 60 is already diseased
person # 44 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 47 is already diseased
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
person # 29 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 59 infected person # 61!
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 72 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick

------ person # 60 ------
person # 60 infected person # 76!
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 72 is already diseased
person # 60 infected person # 37!
person # 47 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
lucky person # 53 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 44 is already diseased
lucky person # 77 didn't get sick
person # 46 is already diseased

------ person # 62 ------
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 80 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 21 is already diseased
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
person # 60 is already diseased

------ person # 66 ------
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 58 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 46 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 45 is already diseased

------ person # 68 ------
person # 79 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 68 infected person # 77!
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 49 didn't get sick

------ person # 69 ------
lucky person # 48 didn't get sick
person # 45 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 43 is already diseased
person # 69 infected person # 49!
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased

------ person # 72 ------
person # 21 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 72 infected person # 48!
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 60 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 1 is protected

------ person # 73 ------
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
person # 80 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased

------ person # 74 ------
person # 37 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 74 infected person # 53!
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
person # 80 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 74 infected person # 23!
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick

------ person # 79 ------
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 43 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 58 is already diseased
person # 44 is already diseased
person # 45 is already diseased
person # 79 infected person # 38!

=========================
cycle # 2 has ended...
cycle # 3 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 23 ------
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 43 is already diseased
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick

------ person # 29 ------
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
person # 61 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 29 infected person # 26!
person # 23 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 57 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick

------ person # 37 ------
person # 37 infected person # 30!
person # 53 is already diseased
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased

------ person # 38 ------
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
person # 49 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 61 is already diseased
lucky person # 25 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick

------ person # 41 ------
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
person # 41 infected person # 55!
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 41 infected person # 22!
person # 30 is already diseased
lucky person # 42 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected

------ person # 43 ------
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 41 is already diseased
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 43 infected person # 42!
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased

------ person # 48 ------
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
person # 61 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 80 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased
lucky person # 54 didn't get sick
person # 23 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick

------ person # 49 ------
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 53 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 43 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased

------ person # 53 ------
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 53 infected person # 54!
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 43 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased

------ person # 56 ------
lucky person # 75 didn't get sick
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
lucky person # 64 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 56 infected person # 25!
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 48 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
person # 29 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick

------ person # 57 ------
person # 26 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 61 is already diseased
lucky person # 71 didn't get sick
person # 57 infected person # 75!
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 43 is already diseased
person # 25 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick

------ person # 61 ------
person # 76 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 29 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 53 is already diseased
person # 49 is already diseased
person # 61 infected person # 70!

------ person # 65 ------
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 65 infected person # 64!
person # 55 is already diseased
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
person # 29 is already diseased
person # 25 is already diseased
person # 80 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased

------ person # 76 ------
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 76 infected person # 71!
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 48 is already diseased
person # 25 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased

------ person # 77 ------
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 48 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 70 is already diseased
lucky person # 39 didn't get sick
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 77 infected person # 51!
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 41 is already diseased

------ person # 80 ------
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 80 infected person # 39!
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 75 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 71 is already diseased
person # 53 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased

=========================
cycle # 3 has ended...
cycle # 4 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 22 ------
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 22 infected person # 52!
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected

------ person # 25 ------
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 26 is already diseased
lucky person # 78 didn't get sick
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 54 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
person # 25 infected person # 67!
person # 71 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased

------ person # 26 ------
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 26 infected person # 78!

------ person # 30 ------
person # 30 infected person # 63!
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 54 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 75 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick

------ person # 39 ------
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 54 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 71 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased

------ person # 42 ------
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
person # 75 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased

------ person # 51 ------
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased

------ person # 54 ------
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
person # 75 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
person # 25 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 73 is protected

------ person # 55 ------
person # 25 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 71 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 75 is already diseased

------ person # 64 ------
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 25 is already diseased
person # 71 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
person # 54 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
lucky person # 32 didn't get sick
person # 52 is already diseased

------ person # 70 ------
person # 70 infected person # 32!
person # 78 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
lucky person # 34 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 75 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 71 is already diseased

------ person # 71 ------
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 26 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 54 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
person # 71 infected person # 34!
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick

------ person # 75 ------
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 54 is already diseased
person # 25 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected

=========================
cycle # 4 has ended...
cycle # 5 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 32 ------
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 26 is protected

------ person # 34 ------
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 73 is protected

------ person # 52 ------
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 41 is protected

------ person # 63 ------
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
person # 52 is already diseased
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased

------ person # 67 ------
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 41 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
lucky person # 33 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 73 is protected

------ person # 78 ------
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 26 is protected
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
lucky person # 24 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 1 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
lucky person # 28 didn't get sick

=========================
cycle # 5 has ended...

~~~~~~~~ RESULTS ~~~~~~~~
 starting population: 80
finishing population: 20
  touched by disease: 57
    number of deaths: 60
=========================