1000	0.3	Spanky	0.7	0.2

=========================
 population_size: 1000
vaccination_rate: 0.3
      virus_name: Spanky
  mortality_rate: 0.7
  infection_rate: 0.2
initial_infected: 1
num_interactions: 100

cycle # 1 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 1 ------
lucky person # 876 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 372!
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
lucky person # 930 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 369!
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 413 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
lucky person # 197 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 856!
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 95!
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
lucky person # 827 didn't get sick
lucky person # 351 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
lucky person # 135 didn't get sick
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
lucky person # 597 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 219!
lucky person # 74 didn't get sick
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
lucky person # 811 didn't get sick
lucky person # 588 didn't get sick
lucky person # 224 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
lucky person # 354 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
lucky person # 969 didn't get sick
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
lucky person # 583 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 865!
person # 1 infected person # 191!
lucky person # 120 didn't get sick
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
lucky person # 946 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 17!
person # 1 infected person # 399!
lucky person # 863 didn't get sick
lucky person # 862 didn't get sick
lucky person # 268 didn't get sick
lucky person # 646 didn't get sick
lucky person # 362 didn't get sick
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 1 infected person # 145!
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
lucky person # 584 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 130!
lucky person # 825 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 75!
lucky person # 533 didn't get sick
lucky person # 505 didn't get sick
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 575!
lucky person # 667 didn't get sick
lucky person # 125 didn't get sick
lucky person # 511 didn't get sick
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
lucky person # 257 didn't get sick
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
lucky person # 50 didn't get sick
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
lucky person # 891 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
lucky person # 592 didn't get sick
lucky person # 347 didn't get sick
person # 1 infected person # 522!

<><><> Computing Deaths <><><>

>>> person # 1 has died...rest in peace...

=========================
cycle # 1 has ended...
cycle # 2 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 17 ------
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 317!
lucky person # 946 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 362!
person # 17 infected person # 7!
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
lucky person # 897 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
lucky person # 586 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
lucky person # 149 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 659!
person # 17 infected person # 33!
lucky person # 97 didn't get sick
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 555 didn't get sick
lucky person # 228 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 479!
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 392 didn't get sick
lucky person # 330 didn't get sick
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
lucky person # 604 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
lucky person # 938 didn't get sick
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 169!
lucky person # 172 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 662!
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
lucky person # 89 didn't get sick
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 481 didn't get sick
lucky person # 713 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
lucky person # 656 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 482!
person # 17 infected person # 451!
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
lucky person # 823 didn't get sick
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 125!
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
lucky person # 122 didn't get sick
lucky person # 311 didn't get sick
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
lucky person # 737 didn't get sick
lucky person # 339 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 245 didn't get sick
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
lucky person # 668 didn't get sick
lucky person # 62 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 337!
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 859!
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 374!
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
lucky person # 845 didn't get sick
person # 17 infected person # 494!
lucky person # 202 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 17 infected person # 642!
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 767 didn't get sick
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
lucky person # 410 didn't get sick

------ person # 75 ------
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
lucky person # 394 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 598!
lucky person # 571 didn't get sick
lucky person # 983 didn't get sick
person # 75 infected person # 816!
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
lucky person # 925 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
lucky person # 592 didn't get sick
lucky person # 676 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 332!
lucky person # 630 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 522 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 65!
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
lucky person # 945 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
lucky person # 751 didn't get sick
lucky person # 89 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
lucky person # 41 didn't get sick
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
lucky person # 750 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 557!
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 75 infected person # 385!
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
lucky person # 413 didn't get sick
lucky person # 436 didn't get sick
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
person # 75 infected person # 647!
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 856 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
lucky person # 356 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
lucky person # 352 didn't get sick
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 742 didn't get sick
lucky person # 419 didn't get sick
lucky person # 305 didn't get sick
lucky person # 272 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
lucky person # 962 didn't get sick
person # 75 infected person # 163!
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
lucky person # 736 didn't get sick
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
lucky person # 384 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
lucky person # 740 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
lucky person # 142 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 797!
person # 75 infected person # 94!
lucky person # 341 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 75 infected person # 366!
lucky person # 918 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 763 didn't get sick
lucky person # 800 didn't get sick
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
lucky person # 841 didn't get sick
person # 75 infected person # 779!

------ person # 95 ------
person # 95 infected person # 86!
lucky person # 783 didn't get sick
lucky person # 166 didn't get sick
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
lucky person # 933 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
lucky person # 858 didn't get sick
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 981!
lucky person # 944 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 95 infected person # 847!
lucky person # 470 didn't get sick
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
lucky person # 970 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 95 infected person # 433!
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
lucky person # 392 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 249!
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
lucky person # 238 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 339!
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 42!
person # 95 infected person # 310!
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 892!
lucky person # 153 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
lucky person # 758 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 489 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
lucky person # 980 didn't get sick
lucky person # 89 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
lucky person # 908 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
lucky person # 792 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 666!
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
lucky person # 321 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 266!
lucky person # 336 didn't get sick
lucky person # 137 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
lucky person # 270 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
lucky person # 709 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
lucky person # 516 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
lucky person # 564 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 95 infected person # 604!
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
lucky person # 583 didn't get sick
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 808 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
lucky person # 491 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 2!
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
lucky person # 405 didn't get sick
lucky person # 279 didn't get sick
person # 95 infected person # 651!
lucky person # 480 didn't get sick

------ person # 130 ------
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 305!
person # 317 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
lucky person # 743 didn't get sick
lucky person # 442 didn't get sick
lucky person # 173 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
lucky person # 761 didn't get sick
person # 130 infected person # 908!
lucky person # 952 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
lucky person # 644 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
lucky person # 286 didn't get sick
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 709 didn't get sick
person # 130 infected person # 673!
lucky person # 428 didn't get sick
person # 385 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 851!
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 130 infected person # 32!
lucky person # 153 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
lucky person # 727 didn't get sick
lucky person # 838 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
lucky person # 37 didn't get sick
person # 130 infected person # 137!
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
lucky person # 841 didn't get sick
lucky person # 695 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
lucky person # 391 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
lucky person # 612 didn't get sick
lucky person # 35 didn't get sick
person # 130 infected person # 656!
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
lucky person # 742 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
lucky person # 406 didn't get sick
lucky person # 489 didn't get sick
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 304!
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
lucky person # 127 didn't get sick
lucky person # 27 didn't get sick
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 559!
person # 130 infected person # 579!
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 630!
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 873!
lucky person # 290 didn't get sick
lucky person # 794 didn't get sick
lucky person # 507 didn't get sick
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
lucky person # 693 didn't get sick
lucky person # 322 didn't get sick
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
person # 557 is already diseased
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 130 infected person # 85!
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick

------ person # 145 ------
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 145 infected person # 516!
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 145 infected person # 174!
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 971 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
lucky person # 159 didn't get sick
lucky person # 179 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 749!
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
lucky person # 350 didn't get sick
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 145 infected person # 862!
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 86 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
lucky person # 674 didn't get sick
lucky person # 810 didn't get sick
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
lucky person # 688 didn't get sick
lucky person # 224 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 811!
person # 145 infected person # 601!
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 145 infected person # 654!
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 33 is already diseased
lucky person # 524 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
lucky person # 668 didn't get sick
person # 575 is already diseased
person # 145 infected person # 308!
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 145 infected person # 322!
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 261 didn't get sick
person # 865 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
lucky person # 318 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 747 didn't get sick
lucky person # 66 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 472 didn't get sick
lucky person # 447 didn't get sick
person # 522 is already diseased
person # 145 infected person # 500!
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 369 is already diseased
person # 145 infected person # 664!
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
lucky person # 341 didn't get sick
lucky person # 945 didn't get sick
lucky person # 790 didn't get sick
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 808!
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 378 didn't get sick
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 142!
person # 145 infected person # 841!
lucky person # 406 didn't get sick
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 352!
person # 266 is already diseased
lucky person # 517 didn't get sick
person # 145 infected person # 135!
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
lucky person # 975 didn't get sick
lucky person # 702 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
lucky person # 279 didn't get sick
person # 981 is already diseased
lucky person # 183 didn't get sick
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
person # 659 is already diseased

------ person # 191 ------
lucky person # 577 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
lucky person # 488 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
lucky person # 342 didn't get sick
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
lucky person # 114 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
lucky person # 606 didn't get sick
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
lucky person # 827 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
person # 908 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 655!
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
lucky person # 275 didn't get sick
lucky person # 687 didn't get sick
lucky person # 821 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
lucky person # 761 didn't get sick
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 615 didn't get sick
lucky person # 505 didn't get sick
lucky person # 179 didn't get sick
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
lucky person # 668 didn't get sick
lucky person # 768 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
lucky person # 401 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
lucky person # 728 didn't get sick
lucky person # 256 didn't get sick
lucky person # 35 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 191 infected person # 752!
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
lucky person # 449 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
lucky person # 444 didn't get sick
lucky person # 750 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
lucky person # 543 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 849!
lucky person # 667 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
lucky person # 956 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 930!
lucky person # 806 didn't get sick
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 191 infected person # 776!
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
lucky person # 227 didn't get sick
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 732 didn't get sick
lucky person # 524 didn't get sick
lucky person # 578 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 411!
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
lucky person # 507 didn't get sick
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 390!
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
lucky person # 975 didn't get sick
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
lucky person # 767 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 909 didn't get sick
lucky person # 783 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 290!
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
person # 191 infected person # 272!
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
lucky person # 632 didn't get sick
lucky person # 331 didn't get sick

------ person # 219 ------
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 191 is already diseased
person # 219 infected person # 962!
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
lucky person # 990 didn't get sick
lucky person # 897 didn't get sick
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 298!
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 219 infected person # 39!
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 310 is already diseased
lucky person # 588 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
lucky person # 965 didn't get sick
lucky person # 350 didn't get sick
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
person # 516 is already diseased
person # 930 is already diseased
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 219 infected person # 490!
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
lucky person # 119 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 351!
lucky person # 172 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 219 infected person # 485!
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
lucky person # 763 didn't get sick
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
lucky person # 16 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 787!
lucky person # 363 didn't get sick
lucky person # 844 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 318!
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
lucky person # 813 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 208!
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
lucky person # 923 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
lucky person # 971 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
lucky person # 460 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 219 infected person # 356!
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
lucky person # 202 didn't get sick
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
lucky person # 523 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 288 didn't get sick
lucky person # 423 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
lucky person # 496 didn't get sick
lucky person # 832 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 297!
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
lucky person # 649 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 804!
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 732 didn't get sick
lucky person # 405 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 219 infected person # 261!
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
lucky person # 750 didn't get sick
person # 219 infected person # 132!
lucky person # 528 didn't get sick
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 779 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
lucky person # 800 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 786 is protected

------ person # 369 ------
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 384!
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick
lucky person # 393 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 946!
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
lucky person # 707 didn't get sick
lucky person # 1000 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
lucky person # 123 didn't get sick
lucky person # 186 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
lucky person # 412 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
lucky person # 876 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 369 infected person # 714!
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
lucky person # 263 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 202 didn't get sick
lucky person # 943 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 119!
lucky person # 35 didn't get sick
lucky person # 872 didn't get sick
lucky person # 715 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
person # 962 is already diseased
lucky person # 969 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 369 infected person # 224!
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 110!
lucky person # 649 didn't get sick
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
lucky person # 51 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 446!
lucky person # 488 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
lucky person # 242 didn't get sick
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
lucky person # 965 didn't get sick
lucky person # 863 didn't get sick
person # 65 is already diseased
lucky person # 159 didn't get sick
lucky person # 565 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 369 infected person # 917!
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
person # 369 infected person # 650!
lucky person # 674 didn't get sick
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
person # 362 is already diseased
lucky person # 270 didn't get sick

------ person # 372 ------
lucky person # 938 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
lucky person # 567 didn't get sick
person # 372 infected person # 331!
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 393 didn't get sick
person # 482 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
person # 372 infected person # 371!
person # 318 is already diseased
lucky person # 269 didn't get sick
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 372 infected person # 918!
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
lucky person # 487 didn't get sick
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
lucky person # 756 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
lucky person # 799 didn't get sick
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 372 infected person # 210!
person # 390 is already diseased
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
person # 17 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
lucky person # 627 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
lucky person # 447 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
lucky person # 206 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
lucky person # 412 didn't get sick
person # 372 infected person # 619!
lucky person # 900 didn't get sick
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
lucky person # 713 didn't get sick
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
lucky person # 534 didn't get sick
person # 372 infected person # 791!
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 372 infected person # 504!
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
lucky person # 876 didn't get sick
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
lucky person # 180 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
lucky person # 607 didn't get sick
lucky person # 542 didn't get sick
person # 372 infected person # 197!
lucky person # 987 didn't get sick
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
lucky person # 715 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 584 didn't get sick
lucky person # 36 didn't get sick
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 917 is already diseased
lucky person # 748 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
lucky person # 257 didn't get sick
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected

------ person # 399 ------
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 399 infected person # 78!
person # 399 infected person # 704!
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 926 didn't get sick
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 583!
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 399 infected person # 34!
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
lucky person # 965 didn't get sick
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 329!
person # 17 is already diseased
lucky person # 218 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 613!
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
lucky person # 173 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 399 infected person # 256!
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
lucky person # 413 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
lucky person # 952 didn't get sick
lucky person # 571 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 354!
lucky person # 409 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 399 infected person # 149!
lucky person # 842 didn't get sick
lucky person # 734 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 772!
person # 86 is already diseased
lucky person # 533 didn't get sick
lucky person # 799 didn't get sick
person # 372 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
lucky person # 907 didn't get sick
person # 399 infected person # 84!
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
person # 664 is already diseased
lucky person # 644 didn't get sick
person # 433 is already diseased
lucky person # 843 didn't get sick
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 399 infected person # 536!
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 399 infected person # 392!
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
lucky person # 477 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
lucky person # 423 didn't get sick
lucky person # 97 didn't get sick
person # 862 is already diseased
lucky person # 687 didn't get sick
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
person # 95 is already diseased
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 174 is already diseased
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 399 infected person # 887!
lucky person # 713 didn't get sick
lucky person # 175 didn't get sick
lucky person # 836 didn't get sick
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected

------ person # 522 ------
lucky person # 988 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 994!
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
lucky person # 756 didn't get sick
lucky person # 715 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 1000 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
lucky person # 410 didn't get sick
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
lucky person # 589 didn't get sick
person # 522 infected person # 206!
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 571!
lucky person # 186 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
lucky person # 578 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 768!
lucky person # 486 didn't get sick
person # 522 infected person # 998!
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 219 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
lucky person # 848 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
lucky person # 736 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
lucky person # 907 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
lucky person # 146 didn't get sick
lucky person # 677 didn't get sick
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
lucky person # 268 didn't get sick
lucky person # 707 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 522 infected person # 406!
person # 78 is already diseased
lucky person # 487 didn't get sick
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 954!
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
lucky person # 454 didn't get sick
person # 522 infected person # 596!
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 389!
person # 776 is already diseased
lucky person # 990 didn't get sick
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
person # 656 is already diseased
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 858!
lucky person # 270 didn't get sick
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
person # 522 infected person # 740!
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
lucky person # 180 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 522 infected person # 682!
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
lucky person # 627 didn't get sick
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
lucky person # 764 didn't get sick
lucky person # 727 didn't get sick
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 908 is already diseased

------ person # 575 ------
person # 65 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 575 infected person # 822!
lucky person # 897 didn't get sick
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
lucky person # 378 didn't get sick
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
person # 575 infected person # 698!
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
lucky person # 511 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
lucky person # 668 didn't get sick
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
person # 575 infected person # 626!
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 575 infected person # 412!
lucky person # 618 didn't get sick
lucky person # 120 didn't get sick
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
lucky person # 891 didn't get sick
lucky person # 484 didn't get sick
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 575 infected person # 181!
person # 862 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
lucky person # 751 didn't get sick
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 575 infected person # 88!
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
lucky person # 405 didn't get sick
lucky person # 753 didn't get sick
lucky person # 153 didn't get sick
lucky person # 555 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 627 didn't get sick
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
lucky person # 534 didn't get sick
lucky person # 701 didn't get sick
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
lucky person # 767 didn't get sick
lucky person # 713 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
person # 575 infected person # 540!
person # 575 infected person # 316!
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
person # 210 is already diseased
lucky person # 350 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 575 infected person # 502!
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
lucky person # 400 didn't get sick
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
lucky person # 222 didn't get sick
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
lucky person # 572 didn't get sick
person # 575 infected person # 743!
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
lucky person # 782 didn't get sick
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 89 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 652 is protected

------ person # 856 ------
person # 130 is already diseased
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
lucky person # 889 didn't get sick
person # 137 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
lucky person # 734 didn't get sick
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 257!
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
lucky person # 409 didn't get sick
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 856 infected person # 393!
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 856 infected person # 836!
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
lucky person # 810 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 97!
lucky person # 425 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 737 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 856 infected person # 933!
person # 389 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 856 infected person # 347!
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
lucky person # 783 didn't get sick
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 782!
lucky person # 491 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 713 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 751!
lucky person # 381 didn't get sick
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 66!
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 575 is already diseased
lucky person # 428 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 856 infected person # 537!
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
lucky person # 909 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 856 infected person # 632!
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
lucky person # 944 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
lucky person # 844 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 51!
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
lucky person # 938 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 856 infected person # 139!
person # 856 infected person # 965!
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
lucky person # 511 didn't get sick
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
lucky person # 775 didn't get sick
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 732!
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 856 infected person # 999!

------ person # 865 ------
person # 865 infected person # 567!
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
lucky person # 616 didn't get sick
lucky person # 742 didn't get sick
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 865 infected person # 971!
person # 865 infected person # 713!
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 909 didn't get sick
lucky person # 311 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
lucky person # 631 didn't get sick
lucky person # 526 didn't get sick
lucky person # 195 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 865 infected person # 676!
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 945!
lucky person # 835 didn't get sick
lucky person # 250 didn't get sick
person # 516 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
lucky person # 253 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 525!
person # 865 infected person # 675!
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 75 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
lucky person # 948 didn't get sick
lucky person # 13 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 923!
lucky person # 900 didn't get sick
lucky person # 607 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 449!
person # 390 is already diseased
lucky person # 586 didn't get sick
lucky person # 737 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 183!
lucky person # 825 didn't get sick
person # 504 is already diseased
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
lucky person # 74 didn't get sick
lucky person # 16 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 284!
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
lucky person # 436 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 550!
lucky person # 848 didn't get sick
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
lucky person # 466 didn't get sick
person # 776 is already diseased
lucky person # 442 didn't get sick
person # 95 is already diseased
person # 865 infected person # 712!
lucky person # 595 didn't get sick
lucky person # 597 didn't get sick
lucky person # 688 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
lucky person # 346 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
lucky person # 228 didn't get sick
lucky person # 912 didn't get sick
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 440!
person # 666 is already diseased
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
lucky person # 950 didn't get sick
lucky person # 741 didn't get sick
person # 865 infected person # 775!
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick

<><><> Computing Deaths <><><>

>>> person # 372 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 369 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 856 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 95 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 219 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 865 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 191 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 17 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 399 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 145 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 130 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 75 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 575 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 522 has died...rest in peace...

=========================
cycle # 2 has ended...
cycle # 3 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 2 ------
person # 2 infected person # 606!
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 794 didn't get sick
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 562!
lucky person # 784 didn't get sick
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
lucky person # 253 didn't get sick
lucky person # 155 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
lucky person # 243 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 564!
lucky person # 361 didn't get sick
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 2 infected person # 799!
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
lucky person # 323 didn't get sick
lucky person # 111 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 218!
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
lucky person # 758 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 989 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 2 infected person # 964!
person # 2 infected person # 909!
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
lucky person # 445 didn't get sick
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 2 infected person # 969!
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 2 infected person # 93!
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
lucky person # 548 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
lucky person # 693 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 2 infected person # 430!
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
lucky person # 70 didn't get sick
lucky person # 477 didn't get sick
lucky person # 727 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 146!
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
lucky person # 324 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 942 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 350!
person # 887 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 925!
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 2 infected person # 505!
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
person # 85 is already diseased
lucky person # 227 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 2 infected person # 657!
person # 125 is already diseased
lucky person # 179 didn't get sick
person # 2 infected person # 122!
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
lucky person # 513 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 362 is already diseased
lucky person # 466 didn't get sick

------ person # 7 ------
lucky person # 742 didn't get sick
lucky person # 405 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 31 didn't get sick
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
lucky person # 222 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
lucky person # 286 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
person # 7 infected person # 37!
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 7 infected person # 507!
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 7 infected person # 409!
person # 7 infected person # 450!
lucky person # 213 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 7 infected person # 943!
person # 851 is already diseased
lucky person # 565 didn't get sick
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
lucky person # 678 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
lucky person # 586 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
lucky person # 20 didn't get sick
person # 7 infected person # 413!
person # 841 is already diseased
lucky person # 771 didn't get sick
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
person # 7 infected person # 521!
person # 7 infected person # 592!
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
person # 7 infected person # 528!
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 7 infected person # 990!
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
lucky person # 548 didn't get sick
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 7 infected person # 423!
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
lucky person # 238 didn't get sick
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
person # 859 is already diseased
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 525 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 654 is already diseased
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
person # 174 is already diseased
lucky person # 111 didn't get sick
lucky person # 275 didn't get sick
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
lucky person # 268 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
lucky person # 916 didn't get sick
lucky person # 889 didn't get sick
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
lucky person # 863 didn't get sick
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick

------ person # 32 ------
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
lucky person # 131 didn't get sick
person # 183 is already diseased
lucky person # 750 didn't get sick
person # 2 is already diseased
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
lucky person # 979 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
lucky person # 405 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 32 infected person # 35!
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
lucky person # 843 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
lucky person # 668 didn't get sick
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
lucky person # 253 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 32 infected person # 340!
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 676 is already diseased
lucky person # 938 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 32 infected person # 477!
person # 32 infected person # 13!
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 32 infected person # 270!
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 32 infected person # 279!
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
lucky person # 425 didn't get sick
lucky person # 480 didn't get sick
lucky person # 801 didn't get sick
lucky person # 460 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 389 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 32 infected person # 913!
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
person # 954 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
lucky person # 250 didn't get sick
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
lucky person # 944 didn't get sick
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 32 infected person # 330!
person # 32 infected person # 24!
lucky person # 361 didn't get sick
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
person # 32 infected person # 829!
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 110 is already diseased

------ person # 33 ------
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
lucky person # 100 didn't get sick
person # 88 is already diseased
lucky person # 688 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
lucky person # 783 didn't get sick
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
lucky person # 235 didn't get sick
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 33 infected person # 543!
lucky person # 436 didn't get sick
person # 559 is already diseased
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
lucky person # 498 didn't get sick
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 33 infected person # 955!
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 756 didn't get sick
lucky person # 36 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 723 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
lucky person # 129 didn't get sick
person # 811 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
lucky person # 179 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
lucky person # 742 didn't get sick
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
lucky person # 649 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
lucky person # 614 didn't get sick
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
lucky person # 950 didn't get sick
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 33 infected person # 876!
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
lucky person # 460 didn't get sick
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
lucky person # 120 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 637 is protected

------ person # 34 ------
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
lucky person # 842 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
lucky person # 524 didn't get sick
lucky person # 419 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 810 didn't get sick
lucky person # 885 didn't get sick
lucky person # 546 didn't get sick
lucky person # 916 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 183 is already diseased
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
person # 917 is already diseased
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
person # 34 infected person # 213!
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
lucky person # 62 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
lucky person # 970 didn't get sick
person # 384 is already diseased
lucky person # 744 didn't get sick
lucky person # 215 didn't get sick
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 395 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
lucky person # 496 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
lucky person # 426 didn't get sick
lucky person # 678 didn't get sick
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
lucky person # 727 didn't get sick
person # 33 is already diseased
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
lucky person # 481 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
lucky person # 514 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 34 infected person # 378!
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 34 infected person # 100!
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
lucky person # 428 didn't get sick
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 181 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 632 is already diseased
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
person # 34 infected person # 948!
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 34 infected person # 715!
lucky person # 253 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
lucky person # 460 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
lucky person # 764 didn't get sick
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 536 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
lucky person # 677 didn't get sick
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick

------ person # 39 ------
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 39 infected person # 805!
lucky person # 488 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
lucky person # 175 didn't get sick
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 39 infected person # 577!
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
lucky person # 303 didn't get sick
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
lucky person # 269 didn't get sick
lucky person # 758 didn't get sick
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 39 infected person # 800!
person # 39 infected person # 960!
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 39 infected person # 688!
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 39 infected person # 926!
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
lucky person # 353 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
lucky person # 497 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
lucky person # 123 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 39 infected person # 74!
lucky person # 511 didn't get sick
lucky person # 970 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 39 infected person # 742!
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
lucky person # 324 didn't get sick
person # 451 is already diseased
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
lucky person # 939 didn't get sick
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 453 didn't get sick
lucky person # 631 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 86 is already diseased
lucky person # 546 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
lucky person # 708 didn't get sick
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 39 infected person # 62!
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
lucky person # 238 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick

------ person # 42 ------
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 42 infected person # 20!
person # 42 infected person # 235!
lucky person # 231 didn't get sick
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 524!
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
lucky person # 129 didn't get sick
person # 384 is already diseased
lucky person # 741 didn't get sick
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
lucky person # 41 didn't get sick
lucky person # 395 didn't get sick
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 42 infected person # 670!
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 810!
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 700!
lucky person # 116 didn't get sick
lucky person # 693 didn't get sick
person # 887 is already diseased
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 42 infected person # 734!
lucky person # 127 didn't get sick
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 586!
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 42 infected person # 458!
lucky person # 719 didn't get sick
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
lucky person # 678 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 155!
lucky person # 460 didn't get sick
person # 42 infected person # 912!
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
lucky person # 134 didn't get sick
person # 316 is already diseased
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
lucky person # 120 didn't get sick
person # 550 is already diseased
lucky person # 227 didn't get sick
person # 675 is already diseased
lucky person # 229 didn't get sick
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
lucky person # 794 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 42 infected person # 186!
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
lucky person # 618 didn't get sick
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 42 infected person # 243!
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 42 infected person # 16!
person # 772 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased

------ person # 51 ------
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
lucky person # 584 didn't get sick
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 51 infected person # 631!
person # 390 is already diseased
lucky person # 806 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 51 infected person # 897!
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 51 infected person # 428!
person # 51 infected person # 460!
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
lucky person # 719 didn't get sick
lucky person # 555 didn't get sick
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
lucky person # 790 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 771 didn't get sick
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 51 infected person # 938!
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
lucky person # 753 didn't get sick
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
lucky person # 264 didn't get sick
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
person # 734 is already diseased
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
person # 411 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
lucky person # 603 didn't get sick
person # 51 infected person # 980!
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
lucky person # 702 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
lucky person # 303 didn't get sick
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 51 infected person # 245!
person # 51 infected person # 614!
person # 51 infected person # 723!
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
lucky person # 444 didn't get sick
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 51 infected person # 89!
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
lucky person # 907 didn't get sick
person # 51 infected person # 646!

------ person # 65 ------
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 65 infected person # 848!
person # 804 is already diseased
lucky person # 196 didn't get sick
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
lucky person # 111 didn't get sick
lucky person # 783 didn't get sick
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
person # 657 is already diseased
lucky person # 871 didn't get sick
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 129 didn't get sick
lucky person # 806 didn't get sick
person # 933 is already diseased
lucky person # 470 didn't get sick
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
lucky person # 616 didn't get sick
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 523 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 584 didn't get sick
person # 65 infected person # 992!
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 65 infected person # 891!
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 65 infected person # 539!
person # 65 infected person # 832!
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 737 didn't get sick
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 65 infected person # 707!
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 65 infected person # 342!
lucky person # 542 didn't get sick
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 409 is already diseased
lucky person # 447 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
lucky person # 753 didn't get sick
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
lucky person # 771 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
lucky person # 827 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
lucky person # 324 didn't get sick
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
lucky person # 792 didn't get sick
person # 65 infected person # 821!
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected

------ person # 66 ------
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
lucky person # 764 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 210 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 66 infected person # 806!
lucky person # 889 didn't get sick
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
lucky person # 736 didn't get sick
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 787 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
lucky person # 627 didn't get sick
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
lucky person # 470 didn't get sick
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 196 didn't get sick
person # 181 is already diseased
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 542 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 66 infected person # 401!
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 66 infected person # 166!
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 66 infected person # 395!
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
lucky person # 867 didn't get sick
person # 66 infected person # 784!
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 66 infected person # 578!
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
lucky person # 76 didn't get sick
lucky person # 879 didn't get sick
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
lucky person # 104 didn't get sick
person # 393 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 66 infected person # 750!
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
lucky person # 250 didn't get sick
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased

------ person # 78 ------
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
lucky person # 838 didn't get sick
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 767 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
lucky person # 159 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
lucky person # 741 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
lucky person # 40 didn't get sick
person # 93 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 78 infected person # 77!
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
person # 411 is already diseased
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 78 infected person # 336!
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 571 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 78 infected person # 70!
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
lucky person # 801 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 51 is already diseased
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
lucky person # 745 didn't get sick
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 78 infected person # 419!
person # 78 infected person # 436!
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
lucky person # 725 didn't get sick
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 523 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 78 infected person # 589!
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
lucky person # 827 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 78 infected person # 885!
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
lucky person # 758 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 621 is protected

------ person # 84 ------
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
person # 583 is already diseased
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
lucky person # 325 didn't get sick
person # 84 infected person # 989!
person # 84 infected person # 442!
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
lucky person # 324 didn't get sick
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
lucky person # 771 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 84 infected person # 488!
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 84 infected person # 900!
person # 298 is already diseased
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
lucky person # 281 didn't get sick
person # 791 is already diseased
lucky person # 956 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
person # 550 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
lucky person # 842 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 84 infected person # 41!
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 84 infected person # 597!
lucky person # 987 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
lucky person # 444 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick

------ person # 85 ------
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
lucky person # 671 didn't get sick
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 85 infected person # 534!
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
person # 847 is already diseased
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
lucky person # 173 didn't get sick
lucky person # 241 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
person # 85 infected person # 222!
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 198 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
lucky person # 644 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 85 infected person # 871!
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 85 infected person # 708!
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
lucky person # 445 didn't get sick
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
person # 354 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 85 infected person # 120!
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 517 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
lucky person # 227 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 85 infected person # 175!
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
lucky person # 268 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 85 infected person # 695!
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
lucky person # 454 didn't get sick
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 250 didn't get sick
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
lucky person # 196 didn't get sick
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected

------ person # 86 ------
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 86 infected person # 719!
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
lucky person # 970 didn't get sick
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 86 infected person # 394!
lucky person # 361 didn't get sick
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
person # 876 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
lucky person # 444 didn't get sick
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 86 infected person # 198!
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
lucky person # 792 didn't get sick
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
lucky person # 618 didn't get sick
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
lucky person # 872 didn't get sick
person # 339 is already diseased
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 86 infected person # 116!
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 465 didn't get sick
person # 86 infected person # 709!
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 86 infected person # 939!
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
lucky person # 674 didn't get sick
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
lucky person # 838 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 86 infected person # 612!
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
lucky person # 627 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
lucky person # 447 didn't get sick
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 86 infected person # 747!
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected

------ person # 88 ------
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 88 infected person # 363!
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
lucky person # 956 didn't get sick
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
person # 297 is already diseased
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
lucky person # 481 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 88 infected person # 275!
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
lucky person # 114 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
lucky person # 555 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
lucky person # 944 didn't get sick
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
lucky person # 857 didn't get sick
person # 88 infected person # 627!
person # 88 infected person # 268!
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
person # 482 is already diseased
lucky person # 410 didn't get sick
lucky person # 618 didn't get sick
lucky person # 526 didn't get sick
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
person # 261 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 88 infected person # 748!
person # 505 is already diseased
lucky person # 987 didn't get sick
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 31 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
lucky person # 879 didn't get sick
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
lucky person # 756 didn't get sick
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
lucky person # 580 didn't get sick
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
lucky person # 323 didn't get sick
lucky person # 104 didn't get sick
lucky person # 453 didn't get sick
person # 88 infected person # 767!
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected

------ person # 94 ------
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 94 infected person # 491!
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
lucky person # 556 didn't get sick
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
lucky person # 180 didn't get sick
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 125 is already diseased
lucky person # 727 didn't get sick
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 342 is already diseased
lucky person # 381 didn't get sick
person # 94 infected person # 649!
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 94 infected person # 584!
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 94 infected person # 195!
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
person # 94 infected person # 453!
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
person # 436 is already diseased
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
lucky person # 753 didn't get sick
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 257 is already diseased
lucky person # 615 didn't get sick
person # 94 infected person # 480!
person # 94 infected person # 944!
lucky person # 422 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
person # 822 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
lucky person # 565 didn't get sick
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 94 infected person # 951!
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 94 infected person # 353!
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
lucky person # 553 didn't get sick
person # 336 is already diseased
lucky person # 281 didn't get sick
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick

------ person # 97 ------
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
lucky person # 801 didn't get sick
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 97 infected person # 425!
person # 97 infected person # 172!
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
lucky person # 756 didn't get sick
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
lucky person # 263 didn't get sick
person # 97 infected person # 983!
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
lucky person # 67 didn't get sick
person # 990 is already diseased
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
person # 502 is already diseased
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
person # 97 infected person # 484!
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 305 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 97 infected person # 667!
lucky person # 511 didn't get sick
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 632 is already diseased
lucky person # 487 didn't get sick
lucky person # 588 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased

------ person # 110 ------
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 110 infected person # 702!
person # 279 is already diseased
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
person # 667 is already diseased
lucky person # 766 didn't get sick
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 110 infected person # 426!
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
lucky person # 286 didn't get sick
person # 110 infected person # 737!
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
lucky person # 517 didn't get sick
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 110 infected person # 253!
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
lucky person # 548 didn't get sick
lucky person # 410 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 110 infected person # 64!
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
person # 606 is already diseased
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
person # 110 infected person # 867!
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 110 infected person # 231!
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 110 infected person # 111!
person # 598 is already diseased
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 451 is already diseased
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick

------ person # 119 ------
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
lucky person # 22 didn't get sick
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 389 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
person # 119 infected person # 727!
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
lucky person # 595 didn't get sick
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 119 infected person # 916!
lucky person # 879 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
lucky person # 911 didn't get sick
lucky person # 588 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 163 is already diseased
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
person # 394 is already diseased
lucky person # 486 didn't get sick
lucky person # 835 didn't get sick
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
lucky person # 200 didn't get sick
person # 119 infected person # 956!
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
lucky person # 844 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
person # 119 infected person # 546!
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 119 infected person # 105!
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
lucky person # 202 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 119 infected person # 36!
lucky person # 229 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
lucky person # 953 didn't get sick
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick

------ person # 125 ------
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 125 infected person # 725!
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 172 is already diseased
lucky person # 823 didn't get sick
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
lucky person # 570 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
lucky person # 687 didn't get sick
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
lucky person # 979 didn't get sick
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 125 infected person # 671!
person # 125 infected person # 454!
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
person # 224 is already diseased
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
person # 589 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
lucky person # 801 didn't get sick
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
lucky person # 486 didn't get sick
person # 125 infected person # 481!
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
person # 37 is already diseased
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 125 infected person # 8!
lucky person # 321 didn't get sick
person # 125 infected person # 238!
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 125 infected person # 907!
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
lucky person # 565 didn't get sick
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
lucky person # 513 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
lucky person # 1000 didn't get sick
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
person # 339 is already diseased
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 125 infected person # 242!

------ person # 132 ------
person # 85 is already diseased
lucky person # 489 didn't get sick
lucky person # 588 didn't get sick
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
lucky person # 565 didn't get sick
person # 411 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 137 is already diseased
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 779 is already diseased
lucky person # 553 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 132 infected person # 618!
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
lucky person # 381 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
lucky person # 879 didn't get sick
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 132 infected person # 159!
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 842 didn't get sick
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 132 infected person # 825!
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
lucky person # 346 didn't get sick
lucky person # 513 didn't get sick
person # 537 is already diseased
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
lucky person # 844 didn't get sick
lucky person # 615 didn't get sick
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased

------ person # 135 ------
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 135 infected person # 324!
lucky person # 498 didn't get sick
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 614 is already diseased
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
person # 206 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
lucky person # 1000 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 583 is already diseased
lucky person # 961 didn't get sick
person # 740 is already diseased
lucky person # 23 didn't get sick
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 350 is already diseased
lucky person # 513 didn't get sick
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 135 infected person # 863!
person # 135 infected person # 67!
person # 670 is already diseased
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
person # 571 is already diseased
lucky person # 741 didn't get sick
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
lucky person # 263 didn't get sick
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased
lucky person # 607 didn't get sick
person # 768 is already diseased
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
person # 965 is already diseased
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 135 infected person # 486!
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 135 infected person # 745!
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 135 infected person # 361!
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
person # 135 infected person # 823!

------ person # 137 ------
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 975 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 137 infected person # 228!
lucky person # 764 didn't get sick
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
person # 339 is already diseased
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 137 infected person # 447!
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 137 infected person # 758!
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
lucky person # 556 didn't get sick
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
lucky person # 40 didn't get sick
lucky person # 553 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
lucky person # 889 didn't get sick
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 262 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
lucky person # 422 didn't get sick
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 603 didn't get sick
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
lucky person # 328 didn't get sick
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 137 infected person # 678!
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 137 infected person # 766!
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
lucky person # 515 didn't get sick
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
person # 659 is already diseased
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
person # 137 infected person # 615!
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected

------ person # 139 ------
person # 135 is already diseased
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
lucky person # 788 didn't get sick
lucky person # 263 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 516 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 139 infected person # 565!
lucky person # 838 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
person # 139 infected person # 513!
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
lucky person # 616 didn't get sick
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
lucky person # 497 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
lucky person # 581 didn't get sick
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
person # 662 is already diseased
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 123 didn't get sick
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
lucky person # 741 didn't get sick
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
person # 618 is already diseased
lucky person # 200 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 139 infected person # 644!
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 139 infected person # 857!
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
lucky person # 792 didn't get sick
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected

------ person # 142 ------
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 142 infected person # 323!
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
lucky person # 341 didn't get sick
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
lucky person # 422 didn't get sick
person # 768 is already diseased
lucky person # 605 didn't get sick
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
lucky person # 886 didn't get sick
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 515 didn't get sick
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 142 infected person # 40!
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
person # 810 is already diseased
lucky person # 63 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 142 infected person # 570!
lucky person # 325 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 142 infected person # 22!
lucky person # 229 didn't get sick
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
lucky person # 889 didn't get sick
lucky person # 988 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 142 infected person # 76!
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 142 infected person # 131!
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 347 is already diseased

------ person # 149 ------
lucky person # 731 didn't get sick
person # 887 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
lucky person # 321 didn't get sick
person # 149 infected person # 961!
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
lucky person # 50 didn't get sick
person # 110 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
lucky person # 687 didn't get sick
person # 779 is already diseased
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 149 infected person # 605!
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 294 didn't get sick
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 149 infected person # 470!
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
lucky person # 556 didn't get sick
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 149 infected person # 269!
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
lucky person # 57 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
lucky person # 526 didn't get sick
person # 149 infected person # 1000!
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
person # 122 is already diseased
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
lucky person # 672 didn't get sick
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 149 infected person # 783!
person # 149 infected person # 794!
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
lucky person # 410 didn't get sick
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick

------ person # 163 ------
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 163 infected person # 788!
lucky person # 358 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
lucky person # 677 didn't get sick
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
lucky person # 556 didn't get sick
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 163 infected person # 405!
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 163 infected person # 741!
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
person # 460 is already diseased
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
person # 163 infected person # 465!
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 163 infected person # 250!
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
lucky person # 82 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
lucky person # 526 didn't get sick
lucky person # 123 didn't get sick
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
lucky person # 761 didn't get sick
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
person # 163 infected person # 63!
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 163 infected person # 325!
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
lucky person # 701 didn't get sick
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased

------ person # 169 ------
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
lucky person # 728 didn't get sick
person # 631 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 169 infected person # 445!
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
lucky person # 241 didn't get sick
lucky person # 200 didn't get sick
person # 451 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
lucky person # 255 didn't get sick
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 998 is already diseased
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
lucky person # 391 didn't get sick
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
lucky person # 616 didn't get sick
person # 524 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 169 infected person # 123!
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
lucky person # 526 didn't get sick
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 169 infected person # 511!
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 169 infected person # 987!
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
lucky person # 603 didn't get sick
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected

------ person # 174 ------
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
lucky person # 180 didn't get sick
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 174 infected person # 838!
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
lucky person # 728 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 88 is already diseased
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 174 infected person # 523!
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
lucky person # 701 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
lucky person # 677 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 616!
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 57!
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 286!
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 502 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 517!
person # 174 infected person # 328!
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 813!
person # 823 is already diseased
lucky person # 580 didn't get sick
person # 257 is already diseased
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
lucky person # 496 didn't get sick
lucky person # 422 didn't get sick
person # 752 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 174 infected person # 761!
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
person # 174 infected person # 970!
person # 305 is already diseased
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick

------ person # 181 ------
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
lucky person # 114 didn't get sick
person # 715 is already diseased
lucky person # 263 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 181 infected person # 942!
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
lucky person # 864 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 181 infected person # 216!
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
lucky person # 693 didn't get sick
lucky person # 533 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
lucky person # 497 didn't get sick
person # 20 is already diseased
lucky person # 988 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
lucky person # 443 didn't get sick
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 872 didn't get sick
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
lucky person # 498 didn't get sick
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
lucky person # 922 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased

------ person # 183 ------
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 183 infected person # 677!
person # 325 is already diseased
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
lucky person # 580 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 183 infected person # 255!
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 183 infected person # 801!
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 533 didn't get sick
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
lucky person # 515 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
lucky person # 196 didn't get sick
person # 698 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 183 infected person # 911!
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 183 infected person # 668!
person # 900 is already diseased
lucky person # 693 didn't get sick
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
person # 183 infected person # 953!
person # 838 is already diseased

------ person # 197 ------
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 197 infected person # 674!
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
person # 433 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
person # 804 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
lucky person # 134 didn't get sick
person # 218 is already diseased
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 197 infected person # 764!
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
lucky person # 448 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
lucky person # 572 didn't get sick
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 197 infected person # 672!
person # 393 is already diseased
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 197 infected person # 241!
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 844 didn't get sick
person # 197 infected person # 687!
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
lucky person # 215 didn't get sick
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 197 infected person # 879!
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
person # 197 infected person # 487!
lucky person # 288 didn't get sick
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 197 infected person # 50!
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 197 infected person # 556!

------ person # 206 ------
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
lucky person # 227 didn't get sick
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
lucky person # 240 didn't get sick
person # 89 is already diseased
lucky person # 431 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
lucky person # 547 didn't get sick
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 206 infected person # 498!
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
lucky person # 452 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 206 infected person # 263!
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
person # 206 infected person # 548!
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 206 infected person # 264!
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
person # 206 infected person # 444!
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
lucky person # 327 didn't get sick
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
person # 723 is already diseased
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 206 infected person # 341!
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
person # 206 infected person # 792!
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
lucky person # 515 didn't get sick
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick

------ person # 208 ------
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
lucky person # 129 didn't get sick
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 208 infected person # 753!
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 208 infected person # 569!
person # 961 is already diseased
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
person # 479 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
lucky person # 744 didn't get sick
person # 871 is already diseased
lucky person # 952 didn't get sick
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 208 infected person # 489!
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
lucky person # 311 didn't get sick
person # 208 infected person # 82!
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
lucky person # 496 didn't get sick
lucky person # 827 didn't get sick
lucky person # 720 didn't get sick
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 208 infected person # 327!
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 208 infected person # 731!
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased

------ person # 210 ------
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
lucky person # 381 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
lucky person # 154 didn't get sick
person # 210 infected person # 391!
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 316 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
lucky person # 963 didn't get sick
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
lucky person # 153 didn't get sick
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
lucky person # 979 didn't get sick
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
lucky person # 785 didn't get sick
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 210 infected person # 693!
lucky person # 755 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
lucky person # 309 didn't get sick
person # 811 is already diseased
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
lucky person # 158 didn't get sick
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 210 infected person # 975!
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 740 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 210 infected person # 922!
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
lucky person # 590 didn't get sick
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
lucky person # 950 didn't get sick
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
person # 210 infected person # 580!
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 688 is already diseased
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased

------ person # 224 ------
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 224 infected person # 422!
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 224 infected person # 590!
person # 224 infected person # 785!
lucky person # 950 didn't get sick
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 224 infected person # 581!
lucky person # 515 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
lucky person # 840 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
lucky person # 533 didn't get sick
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
lucky person # 129 didn't get sick
person # 832 is already diseased
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 525 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 224 infected person # 288!
person # 224 infected person # 180!
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
lucky person # 152 didn't get sick
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 186 is already diseased
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
person # 224 infected person # 410!
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased

------ person # 249 ------
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 249 infected person # 229!
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
lucky person # 988 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 740 is already diseased
lucky person # 572 didn't get sick
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 433 is already diseased
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
person # 962 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
person # 122 is already diseased
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 249 infected person # 974!
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 362 is already diseased
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 249 infected person # 31!
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 249 infected person # 127!
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
person # 84 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 249 infected person # 889!
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 249 infected person # 763!
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected

------ person # 256 ------
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
person # 256 infected person # 588!
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 256 infected person # 346!
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
lucky person # 439 didn't get sick
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
person # 922 is already diseased
lucky person # 73 didn't get sick
person # 256 infected person # 963!
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 256 infected person # 720!
person # 256 infected person # 744!
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
lucky person # 864 didn't get sick
person # 808 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick

------ person # 257 ------
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
person # 257 infected person # 886!
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 257 infected person # 790!
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
lucky person # 950 didn't get sick
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 392 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
person # 590 is already diseased
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
lucky person # 143 didn't get sick
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
person # 523 is already diseased
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 257 infected person # 843!
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
person # 142 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
lucky person # 381 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased

------ person # 261 ------
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 352 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 261 infected person # 840!
person # 261 infected person # 555!
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
lucky person # 872 didn't get sick
lucky person # 321 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 261 infected person # 443!
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 261 infected person # 553!
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 261 infected person # 952!
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 261 infected person # 701!
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
person # 216 is already diseased
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 261 infected person # 262!
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 261 infected person # 950!
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased

------ person # 266 ------
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 66 is already diseased
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
person # 693 is already diseased
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 266 infected person # 979!
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 266 infected person # 452!
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
lucky person # 476 didn't get sick
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
lucky person # 400 didn't get sick
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
lucky person # 59 didn't get sick
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected

------ person # 272 ------
lucky person # 281 didn't get sick
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 272 infected person # 845!
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 485 is already diseased
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 272 infected person # 104!
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
lucky person # 55 didn't get sick
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 272 infected person # 844!
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
lucky person # 214 didn't get sick
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 272 infected person # 835!
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
person # 142 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 651 is already diseased
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 272 infected person # 309!
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 998 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 272 infected person # 23!
lucky person # 26 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
lucky person # 728 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick

------ person # 284 ------
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
lucky person # 134 didn't get sick
person # 444 is already diseased
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 213 is already diseased
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
lucky person # 435 didn't get sick
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 502 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 284 infected person # 736!
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
lucky person # 603 didn't get sick
person # 63 is already diseased
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
lucky person # 441 didn't get sick
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 284 infected person # 200!
person # 284 infected person # 294!
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 284 infected person # 381!
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 284 infected person # 358!
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased

------ person # 290 ------
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 290 infected person # 514!
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
lucky person # 215 didn't get sick
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 290 infected person # 179!
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 290 infected person # 227!
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
person # 354 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
person # 290 infected person # 134!
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
lucky person # 915 didn't get sick
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 7 is already diseased
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 290 infected person # 240!
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected

------ person # 297 ------
person # 907 is already diseased
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
lucky person # 754 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 297 infected person # 158!
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
lucky person # 321 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 297 infected person # 129!
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 297 infected person # 435!
person # 51 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased

------ person # 298 ------
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
lucky person # 472 didn't get sick
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 678 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
lucky person # 620 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
lucky person # 311 didn't get sick
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 298 infected person # 864!
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
lucky person # 738 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
lucky person # 920 didn't get sick
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 298 infected person # 431!
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 298 infected person # 827!
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick

------ person # 304 ------
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 135 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
lucky person # 302 didn't get sick
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
person # 887 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 304 infected person # 215!
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 304 infected person # 441!
person # 304 infected person # 526!
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
lucky person # 595 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
person # 955 is already diseased
lucky person # 281 didn't get sick
person # 385 is already diseased
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 304 infected person # 547!
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 304 infected person # 114!
lucky person # 795 didn't get sick
lucky person # 56 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 304 infected person # 515!
person # 954 is already diseased
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick

------ person # 305 ------
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 305 infected person # 143!
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 305 infected person # 153!
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
lucky person # 831 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
lucky person # 694 didn't get sick
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 305 infected person # 321!
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 331 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 305 infected person # 920!
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 500 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 891 is already diseased
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
person # 305 infected person # 497!
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased

------ person # 308 ------
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
lucky person # 793 didn't get sick
person # 308 infected person # 620!
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
lucky person # 762 didn't get sick
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 727 is already diseased
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 308 infected person # 496!
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 308 infected person # 466!
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
lucky person # 414 didn't get sick
lucky person # 759 didn't get sick
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 308 infected person # 988!
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased

------ person # 310 ------
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
lucky person # 542 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 310 infected person # 152!
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 822 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
lucky person # 448 didn't get sick
lucky person # 52 didn't get sick
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 310 infected person # 414!
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
person # 736 is already diseased
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 310 infected person # 607!
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 751 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 824 didn't get sick
person # 309 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
lucky person # 27 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected

------ person # 316 ------
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 316 infected person # 56!
person # 227 is already diseased
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 316 infected person # 303!
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 316 infected person # 542!
person # 32 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
person # 290 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected

------ person # 317 ------
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 317 infected person # 73!
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 317 infected person # 756!
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
lucky person # 217 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected

------ person # 318 ------
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
lucky person # 204 didn't get sick
person # 318 infected person # 694!
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 318 infected person # 595!
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 318 infected person # 795!
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
lucky person # 608 didn't get sick
person # 318 infected person # 915!
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
lucky person # 733 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 840 is already diseased

------ person # 322 ------
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
lucky person # 820 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 66 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 322 infected person # 55!
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 322 infected person # 793!
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 322 infected person # 214!
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased

------ person # 329 ------
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 329 infected person # 202!
person # 208 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 329 infected person # 196!
lucky person # 696 didn't get sick
person # 497 is already diseased
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
lucky person # 728 didn't get sick
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
lucky person # 877 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 329 infected person # 217!
lucky person # 703 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 389 is already diseased
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 630 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 329 infected person # 26!
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased

------ person # 331 ------
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
person # 132 is already diseased
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 331 infected person # 696!
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
person # 536 is already diseased
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 331 infected person # 759!
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
lucky person # 472 didn't get sick
person # 1000 is already diseased
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected

------ person # 332 ------
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
lucky person # 101 didn't get sick
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
person # 210 is already diseased
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 332 infected person # 754!
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 332 infected person # 302!
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
lucky person # 834 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 332 infected person # 831!
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 332 infected person # 738!
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
lucky person # 400 didn't get sick
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased

------ person # 337 ------
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 337 infected person # 572!
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
lucky person # 311 didn't get sick
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
lucky person # 61 didn't get sick
person # 394 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 887 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 337 infected person # 728!
person # 525 is already diseased
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
lucky person # 281 didn't get sick
person # 595 is already diseased
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
lucky person # 833 didn't get sick
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
lucky person # 957 didn't get sick
person # 813 is already diseased
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
person # 341 is already diseased
lucky person # 448 didn't get sick

------ person # 339 ------
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 339 infected person # 533!
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 339 infected person # 733!
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 352 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
lucky person # 478 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
lucky person # 826 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 339 infected person # 608!
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 339 infected person # 755!

------ person # 347 ------
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 675 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
person # 347 infected person # 703!
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 347 infected person # 771!
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 347 infected person # 439!
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected

------ person # 351 ------
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
lucky person # 902 didn't get sick
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
lucky person # 726 didn't get sick
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 351 infected person # 762!
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
lucky person # 192 didn't get sick
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
lucky person # 527 didn't get sick
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 351 infected person # 101!
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 181 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased

------ person # 352 ------
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 386 didn't get sick
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 352 infected person # 472!
lucky person # 274 didn't get sick
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
person # 555 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
person # 748 is already diseased
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
lucky person # 420 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 395 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 352 infected person # 281!
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick

------ person # 354 ------
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
lucky person # 959 didn't get sick
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 2 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 485 is already diseased
lucky person # 609 didn't get sick
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
lucky person # 287 didn't get sick
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 354 infected person # 448!
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
lucky person # 182 didn't get sick
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 354 infected person # 842!
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 433 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
lucky person # 560 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected

------ person # 356 ------
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 356 infected person # 27!
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
lucky person # 985 didn't get sick
person # 723 is already diseased
lucky person # 778 didn't get sick
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
person # 50 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
lucky person # 457 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased

------ person # 362 ------
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 389 is already diseased
lucky person # 940 didn't get sick
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 580 is already diseased
lucky person # 893 didn't get sick
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
lucky person # 117 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
lucky person # 561 didn't get sick
person # 362 infected person # 778!
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected

------ person # 366 ------
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 366 infected person # 204!
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
lucky person # 476 didn't get sick
person # 751 is already diseased
lucky person # 312 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 366 infected person # 61!
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
lucky person # 724 didn't get sick
person # 378 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased

------ person # 371 ------
person # 392 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 371 infected person # 609!
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 371 infected person # 877!
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 915 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
lucky person # 140 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 371 infected person # 726!
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
lucky person # 184 didn't get sick
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
person # 569 is already diseased

------ person # 374 ------
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 135 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 374 infected person # 724!
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 374 infected person # 478!
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 374 infected person # 312!
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 374 infected person # 893!
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased

------ person # 384 ------
person # 384 infected person # 826!
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
lucky person # 566 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
lucky person # 643 didn't get sick
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 293 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
lucky person # 924 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 691 didn't get sick
person # 84 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 384 infected person # 824!
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 384 infected person # 140!
person # 451 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased

------ person # 385 ------
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 385 infected person # 872!
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 385 infected person # 311!
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
person # 329 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 385 infected person # 959!
lucky person # 38 didn't get sick
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 385 infected person # 386!
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick

------ person # 389 ------
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 206 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 339 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 923 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 305 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 389 infected person # 561!
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 389 infected person # 274!
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
lucky person # 476 didn't get sick
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 678 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 137 is already diseased
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased

------ person # 390 ------
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
lucky person # 846 didn't get sick
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 390 infected person # 643!
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 392 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 390 infected person # 293!
person # 1000 is already diseased

------ person # 392 ------
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 392 infected person # 846!
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
lucky person # 633 didn't get sick
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 392 infected person # 940!
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
lucky person # 151 didn't get sick
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
person # 930 is already diseased

------ person # 393 ------
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 393 infected person # 603!
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 393 infected person # 184!
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 440 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 393 infected person # 833!
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 804 is already diseased

------ person # 406 ------
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 406 infected person # 560!
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 406 infected person # 182!
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
lucky person # 296 didn't get sick
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
lucky person # 173 didn't get sick
person # 447 is already diseased
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased

------ person # 411 ------
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 411 infected person # 566!
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
lucky person # 549 didn't get sick
person # 607 is already diseased
lucky person # 815 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 787 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 411 infected person # 117!
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 411 infected person # 902!
person # 411 infected person # 924!
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
lucky person # 898 didn't get sick
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 411 infected person # 151!
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 804 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 411 infected person # 59!
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased

------ person # 412 ------
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 412 infected person # 420!
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 412 infected person # 457!
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 632 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 412 infected person # 633!
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
lucky person # 573 didn't get sick
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased

------ person # 433 ------
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
lucky person # 148 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 525 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 433 infected person # 549!
person # 981 is already diseased
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
lucky person # 79 didn't get sick
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 329 is already diseased

------ person # 440 ------
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 440 infected person # 898!
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased

------ person # 446 ------
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
lucky person # 852 didn't get sick
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 921 didn't get sick
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
lucky person # 861 didn't get sick
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 446 infected person # 691!
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased

------ person # 449 ------
person # 181 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 449 infected person # 527!
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 677 is already diseased
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 537 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 137 is already diseased
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
lucky person # 869 didn't get sick
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 449 infected person # 38!
lucky person # 19 didn't get sick
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick

------ person # 451 ------
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
lucky person # 400 didn't get sick
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 451 infected person # 820!
person # 632 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 31 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected

------ person # 479 ------
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 390 is already diseased
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected

------ person # 482 ------
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 482 infected person # 921!
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 482 infected person # 173!
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
lucky person # 398 didn't get sick
person # 482 infected person # 154!
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 482 infected person # 861!
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 482 infected person # 52!
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
lucky person # 376 didn't get sick
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased

------ person # 485 ------
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 51 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
lucky person # 928 didn't get sick
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 752 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 485 infected person # 287!
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
lucky person # 373 didn't get sick
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 367 didn't get sick
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
lucky person # 474 didn't get sick
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased

------ person # 490 ------
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 850 didn't get sick
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 110 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
lucky person # 617 didn't get sick
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 490 infected person # 573!
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 490 infected person # 834!
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased

------ person # 494 ------
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
lucky person # 780 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
lucky person # 99 didn't get sick
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 181 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 768 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased

------ person # 500 ------
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 500 infected person # 148!
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 500 infected person # 400!
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
lucky person # 936 didn't get sick
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 500 infected person # 373!
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
person # 500 infected person # 474!
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
lucky person # 904 didn't get sick
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick

------ person # 502 ------
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 502 infected person # 850!
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 502 infected person # 957!
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 791 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 632 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 341 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased

------ person # 504 ------
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
lucky person # 211 didn't get sick
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 297 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
lucky person # 201 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected

------ person # 516 ------
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 933 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 650 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
lucky person # 929 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 516 infected person # 780!
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 181 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
lucky person # 109 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected

------ person # 525 ------
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 525 infected person # 869!
person # 849 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 525 infected person # 376!
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased

------ person # 536 ------
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 536 infected person # 904!
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 536 infected person # 79!
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 542 is already diseased
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 536 infected person # 617!
person # 498 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 536 infected person # 985!
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 961 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased

------ person # 537 ------
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 537 infected person # 201!
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 537 infected person # 398!
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
person # 944 is already diseased
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased

------ person # 540 ------
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
person # 195 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
lucky person # 809 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
lucky person # 382 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased

------ person # 550 ------
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 550 infected person # 19!
person # 458 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 791 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 550 infected person # 936!
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased

------ person # 557 ------
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 557 infected person # 809!
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
lucky person # 301 didn't get sick
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
lucky person # 223 didn't get sick
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
lucky person # 404 didn't get sick
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
lucky person # 927 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased

------ person # 559 ------
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
lucky person # 267 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 916 is already diseased
lucky person # 476 didn't get sick
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 500 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 559 infected person # 927!
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased

------ person # 567 ------
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
person # 366 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
lucky person # 124 didn't get sick
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 567 infected person # 223!
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 567 infected person # 476!
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 322 is already diseased
lucky person # 830 didn't get sick

------ person # 571 ------
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
lucky person # 234 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 981 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected

------ person # 579 ------
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
lucky person # 837 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
lucky person # 244 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 579 infected person # 99!
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 579 infected person # 234!
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
person # 579 infected person # 815!
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased

------ person # 583 ------
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
lucky person # 812 didn't get sick
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 583 infected person # 301!
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
lucky person # 247 didn't get sick
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 583 infected person # 124!
person # 514 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased

------ person # 596 ------
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
lucky person # 176 didn't get sick
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
lucky person # 225 didn't get sick
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
lucky person # 574 didn't get sick
person # 596 infected person # 830!
person # 135 is already diseased
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 822 is already diseased

------ person # 598 ------
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
lucky person # 187 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 598 infected person # 574!
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
lucky person # 640 didn't get sick
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 598 infected person # 247!
lucky person # 375 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 598 infected person # 225!
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 598 infected person # 296!
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 675 is already diseased
lucky person # 692 didn't get sick
person # 316 is already diseased
lucky person # 919 didn't get sick
person # 840 is already diseased

------ person # 601 ------
person # 918 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 740 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 331 is already diseased
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased

------ person # 604 ------
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 604 infected person # 837!
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 604 infected person # 382!
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 604 infected person # 187!
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 604 infected person # 211!
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 604 infected person # 919!
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 604 infected person # 640!

------ person # 613 ------
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
lucky person # 98 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 613 infected person # 244!
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased

------ person # 619 ------
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
lucky person # 348 didn't get sick
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 619 infected person # 267!
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 619 infected person # 176!
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 619 infected person # 367!
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 619 infected person # 98!
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 516 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 227 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 234 is already diseased

------ person # 626 ------
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
lucky person # 905 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
lucky person # 977 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased

------ person # 630 ------
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected

------ person # 632 ------
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 751 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased

------ person # 642 ------
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
lucky person # 895 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
lucky person # 365 didn't get sick
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected

------ person # 647 ------
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 647 infected person # 348!
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
lucky person # 716 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 682 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 647 infected person # 692!
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased

------ person # 650 ------
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 650 infected person # 375!
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 494 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected

------ person # 651 ------
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
lucky person # 901 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased

------ person # 654 ------
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 339 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 654 infected person # 192!
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 257 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 785 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 654 infected person # 109!
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 354 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 858 is already diseased

------ person # 655 ------
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
lucky person # 986 didn't get sick
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 804 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased

------ person # 656 ------
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
lucky person # 473 didn't get sick
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 656 infected person # 404!
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 656 infected person # 977!
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
lucky person # 663 didn't get sick
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected

------ person # 659 ------
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 479 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 981 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 659 infected person # 852!
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased

------ person # 662 ------
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 662 infected person # 928!
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
lucky person # 107 didn't get sick
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
lucky person # 818 didn't get sick
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased

------ person # 664 ------
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 664 infected person # 895!
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 862 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 664 infected person # 905!
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 664 infected person # 986!
person # 125 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected

------ person # 666 ------
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 666 infected person # 365!
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 440 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 666 infected person # 901!
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 666 infected person # 107!
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 666 infected person # 663!
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased

------ person # 673 ------
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 411 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 673 infected person # 473!
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
lucky person # 203 didn't get sick
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased

------ person # 675 ------
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
lucky person # 103 didn't get sick
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
lucky person # 995 didn't get sick
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased

------ person # 676 ------
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 908 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
lucky person # 679 didn't get sick
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased

------ person # 682 ------
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
lucky person # 855 didn't get sick
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 682 infected person # 716!
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected

------ person # 698 ------
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick

------ person # 704 ------
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 197 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
lucky person # 379 didn't get sick
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
lucky person # 697 didn't get sick
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 502 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 483 is protected

------ person # 712 ------
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 712 infected person # 697!
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 712 infected person # 103!
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 712 infected person # 995!
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected

------ person # 713 ------
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 632 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected

------ person # 714 ------
person # 329 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 714 infected person # 812!
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased

------ person # 732 ------
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 732 infected person # 929!
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
lucky person # 798 didn't get sick
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased

------ person # 740 ------
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 740 infected person # 818!
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 740 infected person # 798!
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected

------ person # 743 ------
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 596 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased

------ person # 749 ------
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 490 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 836 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
lucky person # 976 didn't get sick
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased

------ person # 751 ------
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 298 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 751 infected person # 976!
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
lucky person # 881 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 751 infected person # 679!
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased

------ person # 752 ------
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 682 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
lucky person # 699 didn't get sick
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased

------ person # 768 ------
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 682 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 630 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 768 infected person # 203!
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased

------ person # 772 ------
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 930 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 331 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 630 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 887 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 163 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 772 infected person # 379!
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased

------ person # 775 ------
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
lucky person # 563 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 516 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 169 is already diseased
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
lucky person # 459 didn't get sick
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 775 infected person # 881!
person # 716 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected

------ person # 776 ------
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 339 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 862 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 284 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 776 infected person # 855!
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased

------ person # 779 ------
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 779 infected person # 459!
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
lucky person # 469 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 135 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased

------ person # 782 ------
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 604 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 675 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 836 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased

------ person # 787 ------
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 332 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 39 is already diseased
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected

------ person # 791 ------
person # 908 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased

------ person # 797 ------
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 797 infected person # 563!
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 930 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 804 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 808 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected

------ person # 804 ------
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
person # 804 infected person # 469!
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 392 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased

------ person # 808 ------
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 174 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
lucky person # 334 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 598 is already diseased

------ person # 811 ------
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased

------ person # 816 ------
person # 490 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 779 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 135 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 308 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 768 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased

------ person # 822 ------
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 537 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 873 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 664 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 132 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased

------ person # 836 ------
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 571 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 42 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
lucky person # 319 didn't get sick
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 673 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 933 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased

------ person # 841 ------
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 923 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 392 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected

------ person # 847 ------
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 751 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 362 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
lucky person # 282 didn't get sick
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 482 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased

------ person # 849 ------
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 272 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 540 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 446 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 673 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 908 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased

------ person # 851 ------
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 224 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 257 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 962 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 946 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
lucky person # 30 didn't get sick
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 714 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 516 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased

------ person # 858 ------
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 822 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 446 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 392 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
lucky person # 188 didn't get sick
person # 745 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected

------ person # 859 ------
person # 859 infected person # 699!
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 449 is already diseased
person # 500 is already diseased
person # 859 infected person # 282!
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 841 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
lucky person # 112 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 579 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 174 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 892 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected

------ person # 862 ------
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
lucky person # 996 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 329 is already diseased
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 862 infected person # 319!
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 862 infected person # 112!
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 740 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 862 infected person # 334!
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 354 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased

------ person # 873 ------
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 169 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 206 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 917 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 540 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 851 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected

------ person # 887 ------
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 371 is already diseased
person # 732 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 385 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 482 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 999 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 490 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 290 is already diseased
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased

------ person # 892 ------
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 811 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 297 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 181 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased

------ person # 908 ------
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 366 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 183 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 197 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 946 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 859 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 32 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 808 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 999 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 537 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 908 infected person # 996!
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased

------ person # 917 ------
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 749 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 647 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 440 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 536 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 308 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 656 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
person # 356 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 655 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 779 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased

------ person # 918 ------
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 433 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 847 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 596 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
lucky person # 509 didn't get sick
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 571 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 917 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 651 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 479 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased

------ person # 923 ------
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 2 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 125 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 772 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 613 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 768 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 698 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 525 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased

------ person # 930 ------
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 500 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 139 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 337 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 698 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 2 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased

------ person # 933 ------
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 619 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 393 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 650 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 337 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 374 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 110 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 440 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 504 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 78 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 39 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 135 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 714 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 676 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 51 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 751 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 910 is protected

------ person # 945 ------
person # 339 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 713 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 406 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 918 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 183 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 84 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 797 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected

------ person # 946 ------
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 923 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 601 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 494 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 119 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 892 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 137 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 598 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 371 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased

------ person # 954 ------
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 862 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 664 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
person # 775 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 94 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 858 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 704 is already diseased
person # 406 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 954 infected person # 30!
person # 791 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased

------ person # 962 ------
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 485 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 632 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 782 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 266 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
person # 142 is already diseased
person # 78 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 604 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 841 is already diseased
person # 7 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased

------ person # 965 ------
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 256 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 712 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 261 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 816 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 137 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 110 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 88 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 390 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 412 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 322 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 208 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 411 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 331 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased

------ person # 971 ------
person # 298 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 945 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 797 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 579 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 347 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 65 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 981 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 206 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 97 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 659 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 550 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 94 is already diseased

------ person # 981 ------
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 981 infected person # 509!
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 851 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 352 is already diseased
person # 822 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 557 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
person # 356 is already diseased
person # 504 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 304 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 998 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 149 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 66 is already diseased
person # 86 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 316 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 384 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 33 is already diseased
person # 662 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected

------ person # 994 ------
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 351 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 97 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 310 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 787 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 873 is already diseased
person # 389 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 51 is already diseased
person # 559 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 142 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 954 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 752 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 85 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 290 is already diseased
person # 384 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 210 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 732 is already diseased

------ person # 998 ------
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 272 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 42 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 318 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
lucky person # 6 didn't get sick
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 550 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 249 is already diseased
person # 502 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 776 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 656 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 132 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 743 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 887 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 613 is already diseased
person # 630 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 626 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 642 is already diseased
lucky person # 890 didn't get sick
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 331 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 971 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased

------ person # 999 ------
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 654 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 583 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 305 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 183 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 849 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 596 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 666 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 598 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 451 is already diseased
person # 965 is already diseased
person # 34 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 479 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 567 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 994 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 317 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 384 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 998 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected

<><><> Computing Deaths <><><>

>>> person # 317 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 362 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 7 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 659 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 33 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 479 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 169 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 662 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 482 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 451 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 125 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 337 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 859 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 374 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 494 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 642 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 598 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 816 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 332 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 65 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 557 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 385 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 647 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 163 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 797 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 94 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 366 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 779 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 86 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 981 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 847 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 433 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 249 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 339 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 42 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 310 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 892 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 666 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 266 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 604 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 2 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 651 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 305 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 908 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 673 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 851 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 32 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 137 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 656 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 304 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 559 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 579 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 630 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 873 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 85 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 516 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 174 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 749 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 862 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 811 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 601 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 654 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 308 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 322 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 500 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 664 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 808 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 142 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 841 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 352 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 135 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 655 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 752 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 849 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 930 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 776 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 411 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 390 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 290 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 272 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 962 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 298 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 39 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 490 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 351 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 485 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 787 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 318 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 208 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 356 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 297 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 804 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 261 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 132 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 384 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 946 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 714 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 119 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 224 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 110 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 446 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 917 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 650 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 331 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 371 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 918 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 210 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 619 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 791 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 504 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 197 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 78 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 704 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 583 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 34 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 329 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 613 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 256 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 354 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 149 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 772 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 84 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 536 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 392 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 887 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 994 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 206 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 571 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 768 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 998 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 406 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 954 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 596 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 389 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 858 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 740 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 682 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 822 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 698 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 626 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 412 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 181 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 88 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 540 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 316 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 502 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 743 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 257 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 393 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 836 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 97 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 933 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 347 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 782 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 751 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 66 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 537 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 632 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 51 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 139 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 965 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 732 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 999 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 567 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 971 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 713 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 676 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 945 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 525 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 675 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 923 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 449 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 183 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 284 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 550 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 712 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 440 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 775 has died...rest in peace...

=========================
cycle # 3 has ended...
cycle # 4 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 8 ------
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased

------ person # 13 ------
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased

------ person # 16 ------
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 16 infected person # 188!
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
lucky person # 364 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased

------ person # 19 ------
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected

------ person # 20 ------
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 20 infected person # 364!
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 20 infected person # 6!
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected

------ person # 22 ------
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased

------ person # 23 ------
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
lucky person # 402 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased

------ person # 24 ------
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 24 infected person # 890!
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased

------ person # 26 ------
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased

------ person # 27 ------
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected

------ person # 30 ------
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 30 infected person # 402!
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected

------ person # 31 ------
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased

------ person # 35 ------
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected

------ person # 36 ------
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected

------ person # 37 ------
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected

------ person # 38 ------
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected

------ person # 40 ------
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
lucky person # 380 didn't get sick
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased

------ person # 41 ------
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased

------ person # 50 ------
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected

------ person # 52 ------
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 414 is already diseased

------ person # 55 ------
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected

------ person # 56 ------
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected

------ person # 57 ------
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased

------ person # 59 ------
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 59 infected person # 380!
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
lucky person # 937 didn't get sick
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased

------ person # 61 ------
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased

------ person # 62 ------
person # 188 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected

------ person # 63 ------
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected

------ person # 64 ------
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased

------ person # 67 ------
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
lucky person # 769 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected

------ person # 70 ------
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick

------ person # 73 ------
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
lucky person # 552 didn't get sick
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased

------ person # 74 ------
person # 74 infected person # 769!
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased

------ person # 76 ------
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
lucky person # 648 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected

------ person # 77 ------
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 77 infected person # 937!
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased

------ person # 79 ------
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased

------ person # 82 ------
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected

------ person # 89 ------
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased

------ person # 93 ------
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased

------ person # 98 ------
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
lucky person # 757 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased

------ person # 99 ------
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected

------ person # 100 ------
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 100 infected person # 552!
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 551 is protected

------ person # 101 ------
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected

------ person # 103 ------
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
lucky person # 252 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased

------ person # 104 ------
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased

------ person # 105 ------
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 105 infected person # 252!
lucky person # 10 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased

------ person # 107 ------
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased

------ person # 109 ------
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected

------ person # 111 ------
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected

------ person # 112 ------
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected

------ person # 114 ------
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
lucky person # 383 didn't get sick
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased

------ person # 116 ------
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased

------ person # 117 ------
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 117 infected person # 648!

------ person # 120 ------
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected

------ person # 122 ------
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 122 infected person # 383!
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected

------ person # 123 ------
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased

------ person # 124 ------
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased

------ person # 127 ------
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 127 infected person # 10!
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased

------ person # 129 ------
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected

------ person # 131 ------
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased

------ person # 134 ------
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased

------ person # 140 ------
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased

------ person # 143 ------
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected

------ person # 146 ------
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased

------ person # 148 ------
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased

------ person # 151 ------
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased

------ person # 152 ------
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased

------ person # 153 ------
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased

------ person # 154 ------
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected

------ person # 155 ------
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected

------ person # 158 ------
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased

------ person # 159 ------
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased

------ person # 166 ------
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased

------ person # 172 ------
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased

------ person # 173 ------
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased

------ person # 175 ------
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 175 infected person # 757!
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased

------ person # 176 ------
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected

------ person # 179 ------
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased

------ person # 180 ------
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected

------ person # 182 ------
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected

------ person # 184 ------
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased

------ person # 186 ------
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased

------ person # 187 ------
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased

------ person # 192 ------
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased

------ person # 195 ------
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected

------ person # 196 ------
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
lucky person # 165 didn't get sick
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased

------ person # 198 ------
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased

------ person # 200 ------
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 200 infected person # 165!
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected

------ person # 201 ------
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased

------ person # 202 ------
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected

------ person # 203 ------
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected

------ person # 204 ------
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected

------ person # 211 ------
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected

------ person # 213 ------
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected

------ person # 214 ------
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased

------ person # 215 ------
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased

------ person # 216 ------
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased

------ person # 217 ------
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased

------ person # 218 ------
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased

------ person # 222 ------
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected

------ person # 223 ------
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased

------ person # 225 ------
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected

------ person # 227 ------
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected

------ person # 228 ------
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected

------ person # 229 ------
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected

------ person # 231 ------
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased

------ person # 234 ------
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased

------ person # 235 ------
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected

------ person # 238 ------
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected

------ person # 240 ------
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased

------ person # 241 ------
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected

------ person # 242 ------
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected

------ person # 243 ------
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected

------ person # 244 ------
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased

------ person # 245 ------
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased

------ person # 247 ------
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased

------ person # 250 ------
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected

------ person # 253 ------
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected

------ person # 255 ------
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased

------ person # 262 ------
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected

------ person # 263 ------
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased

------ person # 264 ------
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased

------ person # 267 ------
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased

------ person # 268 ------
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased

------ person # 269 ------
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased

------ person # 270 ------
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected

------ person # 274 ------
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased

------ person # 275 ------
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected

------ person # 279 ------
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased

------ person # 281 ------
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased

------ person # 282 ------
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased

------ person # 286 ------
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased

------ person # 287 ------
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected

------ person # 288 ------
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased

------ person # 293 ------
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased

------ person # 294 ------
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased

------ person # 296 ------
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased

------ person # 301 ------
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased

------ person # 302 ------
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected

------ person # 303 ------
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected

------ person # 309 ------
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased

------ person # 311 ------
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected

------ person # 312 ------
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased

------ person # 319 ------
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected

------ person # 321 ------
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased

------ person # 323 ------
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected

------ person # 324 ------
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased

------ person # 325 ------
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased

------ person # 327 ------
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased

------ person # 328 ------
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased

------ person # 330 ------
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased

------ person # 334 ------
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased

------ person # 336 ------
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased

------ person # 340 ------
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased

------ person # 341 ------
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected

------ person # 342 ------
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected

------ person # 346 ------
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased

------ person # 348 ------
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased

------ person # 350 ------
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected

------ person # 353 ------
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected

------ person # 358 ------
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased

------ person # 361 ------
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected

------ person # 363 ------
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased

------ person # 365 ------
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected

------ person # 367 ------
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased

------ person # 373 ------
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased

------ person # 375 ------
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased

------ person # 376 ------
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected

------ person # 378 ------
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased

------ person # 379 ------
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased

------ person # 381 ------
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected

------ person # 382 ------
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased

------ person # 386 ------
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased

------ person # 391 ------
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased

------ person # 394 ------
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased

------ person # 395 ------
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased

------ person # 398 ------
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected

------ person # 400 ------
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected

------ person # 401 ------
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected

------ person # 404 ------
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased

------ person # 405 ------
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased

------ person # 409 ------
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased

------ person # 410 ------
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected

------ person # 413 ------
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected

------ person # 414 ------
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased

------ person # 419 ------
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected

------ person # 420 ------
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased

------ person # 422 ------
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected

------ person # 423 ------
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased

------ person # 425 ------
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased

------ person # 426 ------
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased

------ person # 428 ------
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased

------ person # 430 ------
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected

------ person # 431 ------
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased

------ person # 435 ------
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased

------ person # 436 ------
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased

------ person # 439 ------
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected

------ person # 441 ------
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased

------ person # 442 ------
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased

------ person # 443 ------
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected

------ person # 444 ------
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected

------ person # 445 ------
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased

------ person # 447 ------
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased

------ person # 448 ------
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased

------ person # 450 ------
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected

------ person # 452 ------
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected

------ person # 453 ------
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased

------ person # 454 ------
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased

------ person # 457 ------
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased

------ person # 458 ------
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected

------ person # 459 ------
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased

------ person # 460 ------
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased

------ person # 465 ------
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected

------ person # 466 ------
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected

------ person # 469 ------
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased

------ person # 470 ------
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased

------ person # 472 ------
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected

------ person # 473 ------
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected

------ person # 474 ------
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased

------ person # 476 ------
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased

------ person # 477 ------
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected

------ person # 478 ------
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected

------ person # 480 ------
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased

------ person # 481 ------
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased

------ person # 484 ------
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected

------ person # 486 ------
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased

------ person # 487 ------
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected

------ person # 488 ------
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased

------ person # 489 ------
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected

------ person # 491 ------
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased

------ person # 496 ------
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased

------ person # 497 ------
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected

------ person # 498 ------
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased

------ person # 505 ------
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected

------ person # 507 ------
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected

------ person # 509 ------
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected

------ person # 511 ------
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased

------ person # 513 ------
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased

------ person # 514 ------
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected

------ person # 515 ------
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased

------ person # 517 ------
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased

------ person # 521 ------
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected

------ person # 523 ------
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected

------ person # 524 ------
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased

------ person # 526 ------
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased

------ person # 527 ------
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected

------ person # 528 ------
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected

------ person # 533 ------
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected

------ person # 534 ------
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected

------ person # 539 ------
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected

------ person # 542 ------
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected

------ person # 543 ------
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased

------ person # 546 ------
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased

------ person # 547 ------
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected

------ person # 548 ------
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected

------ person # 549 ------
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected

------ person # 553 ------
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected

------ person # 555 ------
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased

------ person # 556 ------
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased

------ person # 560 ------
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased

------ person # 561 ------
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased

------ person # 562 ------
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased

------ person # 563 ------
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased

------ person # 564 ------
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased

------ person # 565 ------
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected

------ person # 566 ------
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected

------ person # 569 ------
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased

------ person # 570 ------
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased

------ person # 572 ------
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected

------ person # 573 ------
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected

------ person # 574 ------
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased

------ person # 577 ------
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased

------ person # 578 ------
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased

------ person # 580 ------
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected

------ person # 581 ------
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased

------ person # 584 ------
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected

------ person # 586 ------
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected

------ person # 588 ------
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased

------ person # 589 ------
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected

------ person # 590 ------
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected

------ person # 592 ------
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased

------ person # 595 ------
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected

------ person # 597 ------
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected

------ person # 603 ------
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected

------ person # 605 ------
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected

------ person # 606 ------
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased

------ person # 607 ------
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected

------ person # 608 ------
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected

------ person # 609 ------
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased

------ person # 612 ------
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased

------ person # 614 ------
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased

------ person # 615 ------
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected

------ person # 616 ------
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased

------ person # 617 ------
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected

------ person # 618 ------
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased

------ person # 620 ------
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected

------ person # 627 ------
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased

------ person # 631 ------
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased

------ person # 633 ------
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected

------ person # 640 ------
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected

------ person # 643 ------
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected

------ person # 644 ------
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected

------ person # 646 ------
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected

------ person # 649 ------
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased

------ person # 657 ------
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased

------ person # 663 ------
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased

------ person # 667 ------
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased

------ person # 668 ------
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased

------ person # 670 ------
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased

------ person # 671 ------
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected

------ person # 672 ------
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased

------ person # 674 ------
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected

------ person # 677 ------
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased

------ person # 678 ------
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased

------ person # 679 ------
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased

------ person # 687 ------
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased

------ person # 688 ------
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased

------ person # 691 ------
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected

------ person # 692 ------
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased

------ person # 693 ------
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased

------ person # 694 ------
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected

------ person # 695 ------
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased

------ person # 696 ------
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased

------ person # 697 ------
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased

------ person # 699 ------
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased

------ person # 700 ------
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased

------ person # 701 ------
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased

------ person # 702 ------
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected

------ person # 703 ------
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected

------ person # 707 ------
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected

------ person # 708 ------
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased

------ person # 709 ------
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased

------ person # 715 ------
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected

------ person # 716 ------
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased

------ person # 719 ------
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased

------ person # 720 ------
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected

------ person # 723 ------
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected

------ person # 724 ------
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased

------ person # 725 ------
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased

------ person # 726 ------
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased

------ person # 727 ------
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased

------ person # 728 ------
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased

------ person # 731 ------
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased

------ person # 733 ------
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected

------ person # 734 ------
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected

------ person # 736 ------
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased

------ person # 737 ------
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased

------ person # 738 ------
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected

------ person # 741 ------
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected

------ person # 742 ------
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased

------ person # 744 ------
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased

------ person # 745 ------
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected

------ person # 747 ------
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected

------ person # 748 ------
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased

------ person # 750 ------
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased

------ person # 753 ------
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected

------ person # 754 ------
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased

------ person # 755 ------
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased

------ person # 756 ------
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased

------ person # 758 ------
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected

------ person # 759 ------
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased

------ person # 761 ------
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased

------ person # 762 ------
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected

------ person # 763 ------
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected

------ person # 764 ------
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased

------ person # 766 ------
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected

------ person # 767 ------
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased

------ person # 771 ------
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased

------ person # 778 ------
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased

------ person # 780 ------
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased

------ person # 783 ------
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected

------ person # 784 ------
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased

------ person # 785 ------
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected

------ person # 788 ------
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected

------ person # 790 ------
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected

------ person # 792 ------
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased

------ person # 793 ------
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased

------ person # 794 ------
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected

------ person # 795 ------
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased

------ person # 798 ------
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected

------ person # 799 ------
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected

------ person # 800 ------
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased

------ person # 801 ------
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased

------ person # 805 ------
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected

------ person # 806 ------
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased

------ person # 809 ------
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased

------ person # 810 ------
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased

------ person # 812 ------
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected

------ person # 813 ------
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected

------ person # 815 ------
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected

------ person # 818 ------
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased

------ person # 820 ------
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected

------ person # 821 ------
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased

------ person # 823 ------
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased

------ person # 824 ------
person # 761 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected

------ person # 825 ------
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected

------ person # 826 ------
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected

------ person # 827 ------
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased

------ person # 829 ------
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased

------ person # 830 ------
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased

------ person # 831 ------
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected

------ person # 832 ------
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected

------ person # 833 ------
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased

------ person # 834 ------
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected

------ person # 835 ------
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased

------ person # 837 ------
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected

------ person # 838 ------
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected

------ person # 840 ------
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased

------ person # 842 ------
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased

------ person # 843 ------
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected

------ person # 844 ------
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased

------ person # 845 ------
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected

------ person # 846 ------
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 881 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased

------ person # 848 ------
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased

------ person # 850 ------
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected

------ person # 852 ------
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected

------ person # 855 ------
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased

------ person # 857 ------
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 608 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected

------ person # 861 ------
person # 562 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased

------ person # 863 ------
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected

------ person # 864 ------
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased

------ person # 867 ------
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased

------ person # 869 ------
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased

------ person # 871 ------
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased

------ person # 872 ------
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 960 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased

------ person # 876 ------
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 566 is already diseased

------ person # 877 ------
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected

------ person # 879 ------
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected

------ person # 881 ------
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased

------ person # 885 ------
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased

------ person # 886 ------
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected

------ person # 889 ------
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected

------ person # 891 ------
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected

------ person # 893 ------
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased

------ person # 895 ------
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased

------ person # 897 ------
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased

------ person # 898 ------
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected

------ person # 900 ------
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 960 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected

------ person # 901 ------
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 586 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected

------ person # 902 ------
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased

------ person # 904 ------
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 155 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected

------ person # 905 ------
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected

------ person # 907 ------
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 823 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased

------ person # 909 ------
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected

------ person # 911 ------
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 442 is already diseased

------ person # 912 ------
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased

------ person # 913 ------
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased

------ person # 915 ------
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased

------ person # 916 ------
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 956 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 227 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased

------ person # 919 ------
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 303 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 809 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 901 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected

------ person # 920 ------
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased

------ person # 921 ------
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
person # 766 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 507 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased

------ person # 922 ------
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased

------ person # 924 ------
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 695 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected

------ person # 925 ------
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 766 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected

------ person # 926 ------
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 160 is protected

------ person # 927 ------
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 707 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased

------ person # 928 ------
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 23 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased

------ person # 929 ------
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 881 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected

------ person # 936 ------
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 325 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased

------ person # 938 ------
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 955 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 608 is already diseased

------ person # 939 ------
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased

------ person # 940 ------
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 241 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 394 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected

------ person # 942 ------
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 731 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 581 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 929 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 443 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
person # 764 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased

------ person # 943 ------
person # 902 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 454 is already diseased

------ person # 944 ------
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 885 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 716 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 867 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased

------ person # 948 ------
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 907 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 241 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 781 is protected

------ person # 950 ------
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
person # 672 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 877 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 23 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased

------ person # 951 ------
person # 505 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 986 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased

------ person # 952 ------
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 810 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 784 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased

------ person # 953 ------
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 82 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 123 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 279 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 904 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
person # 879 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 948 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected

------ person # 955 ------
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 668 is already diseased
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 319 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 790 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 517 is already diseased
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 577 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 423 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased

------ person # 956 ------
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 981 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 693 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 269 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 244 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 759 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 154 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
person # 61 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 473 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased

------ person # 957 ------
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 813 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 16 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 200 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 303 is already diseased
person # 542 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected

------ person # 959 ------
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 820 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 472 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 62 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 127 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 716 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 827 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
person # 262 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 465 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased

------ person # 960 ------
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 124 is already diseased
person # 555 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 546 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 231 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 486 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 784 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
person # 556 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 891 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 687 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 382 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 488 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 229 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 117 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 738 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected

------ person # 961 ------
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 131 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
person # 327 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 381 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 311 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 70 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 497 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
person # 470 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
person # 893 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased

------ person # 963 ------
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 107 is already diseased
person # 938 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 36 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 889 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
person # 886 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 138 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 513 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 472 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 911 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 382 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 225 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 829 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 40 is already diseased
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 457 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased

------ person # 964 ------
person # 657 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 891 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
person # 533 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 182 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 565 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 264 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 38 is already diseased
person # 309 is already diseased
person # 922 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 523 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 423 is already diseased

------ person # 969 ------
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 919 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 566 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 514 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 1000 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 515 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased

------ person # 970 ------
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 453 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 420 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 569 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 460 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
person # 19 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 269 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 958 is protected

------ person # 974 ------
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 861 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 983 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 89 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
person # 825 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
person # 402 is already diseased
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 293 is already diseased
person # 152 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 264 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
person # 788 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 56 is already diseased

------ person # 975 ------
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
person # 595 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 375 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 821 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 820 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
person # 459 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 788 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 915 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 871 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 491 is already diseased
person # 657 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 995 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 409 is already diseased

------ person # 976 ------
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 426 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 458 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 363 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 109 is already diseased
person # 897 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 267 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 214 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 117 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
person # 795 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 98 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
person # 977 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
person # 762 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 645 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 515 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 581 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected

------ person # 977 ------
person # 979 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 670 is already diseased
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 696 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
person # 460 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 67 is already diseased
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 243 is already diseased
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 848 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
person # 225 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
person # 542 is already diseased
person # 963 is already diseased
person # 176 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 524 is already diseased
person # 864 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
person # 151 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 755 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 724 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 481 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 120 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 838 is already diseased
person # 480 is already diseased
person # 112 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected

------ person # 979 ------
person # 425 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 711 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 445 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 476 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
person # 511 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 744 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 447 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 975 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 187 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 574 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
person # 826 is already diseased
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 929 is already diseased
person # 719 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
person # 154 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 940 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 992 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 990 is already diseased
person # 708 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 780 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 889 is already diseased
person # 134 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 731 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 302 is already diseased
person # 454 is already diseased

------ person # 980 ------
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
person # 116 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 282 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 627 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
person # 486 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 353 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 861 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
person # 668 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
person # 615 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
person # 381 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 379 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 59 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 552 is already diseased
person # 358 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 348 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 240 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 402 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 974 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
person # 989 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 524 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 580 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected
person # 444 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 748 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 164 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased

------ person # 983 ------
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 79 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 383 is already diseased
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
person # 1000 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 620 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 203 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 549 is already diseased
person # 353 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
person # 823 is already diseased
person # 697 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 783 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 756 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 674 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 287 is already diseased
person # 173 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 342 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
person # 646 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
person # 348 is already diseased
person # 158 is already diseased
person # 617 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 35 is already diseased
person # 350 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
person # 763 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
person # 228 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 441 is already diseased
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
person # 944 is already diseased
person # 263 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased

------ person # 985 ------
person # 809 is already diseased
person # 989 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 453 is already diseased
person # 586 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 691 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 30 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 649 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 294 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
person # 511 is already diseased
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 845 is already diseased
person # 240 is already diseased
person # 296 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
person # 771 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
person # 129 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 534 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 166 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 895 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
person # 99 is already diseased
person # 824 is already diseased
person # 761 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
person # 674 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
person # 203 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 394 is already diseased
person # 52 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
person # 813 is already diseased
person # 341 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
person # 688 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 419 is already diseased
person # 364 is already diseased
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 569 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 398 is already diseased
person # 547 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
person # 328 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected

------ person # 986 ------
person # 238 is already diseased
person # 201 is already diseased
person # 217 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
person # 255 is already diseased
person # 800 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
person # 562 is already diseased
person # 924 is already diseased
person # 319 is already diseased
person # 756 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 745 is already diseased
person # 588 is already diseased
person # 831 is already diseased
person # 56 is already diseased
person # 589 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 436 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 708 is already diseased
person # 921 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 286 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 398 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 321 is already diseased
person # 527 is already diseased
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
person # 753 is already diseased
person # 715 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 122 is already diseased
person # 605 is already diseased
person # 799 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 590 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
person # 487 is already diseased
person # 747 is already diseased
person # 213 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
person # 186 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
person # 77 is already diseased
person # 597 is already diseased
person # 428 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected

------ person # 987 ------
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 827 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 847 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
person # 560 is already diseased
person # 826 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 959 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
person # 957 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
person # 952 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 602 is protected
person # 709 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 148 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 702 is already diseased
person # 834 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
person # 378 is already diseased
person # 447 is already diseased
person # 327 is already diseased
person # 286 is already diseased
person # 700 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
person # 970 is already diseased
person # 76 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
person # 202 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
person # 842 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 198 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 422 is already diseased
person # 268 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 425 is already diseased
person # 175 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 19 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 253 is already diseased
person # 548 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 288 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 247 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
person # 293 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
person # 50 is already diseased
person # 671 is already diseased
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
person # 872 is already diseased
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 589 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 276 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
person # 738 is already diseased

------ person # 988 ------
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 900 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
person # 26 is already diseased
person # 395 is already diseased
person # 876 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
person # 496 is already diseased
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 540 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 855 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
person # 701 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 904 is already diseased
person # 186 is already diseased
person # 727 is already diseased
person # 609 is already diseased
person # 413 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 79 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 759 is already diseased
person # 980 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 736 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
person # 846 is already diseased
person # 336 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 152 is already diseased
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 64 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 116 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
person # 612 is already diseased
person # 956 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 815 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
person # 514 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 693 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
person # 62 is already diseased
person # 153 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
person # 677 is already diseased
person # 603 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
person # 242 is already diseased
person # 204 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
person # 840 is already diseased
person # 63 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased

------ person # 989 ------
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
person # 523 is already diseased
person # 785 is already diseased
person # 70 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
person # 618 is already diseased
person # 469 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 852 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
person # 465 is already diseased
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 373 is already diseased
person # 926 is already diseased
person # 120 is already diseased
person # 165 is already diseased
person # 452 is already diseased
person # 227 is already diseased
person # 489 is already diseased
person # 59 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 644 is already diseased
person # 450 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
person # 985 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 697 is already diseased
person # 792 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
person # 222 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 24 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 196 is already diseased
person # 172 is already diseased
person # 376 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
person # 505 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
person # 474 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
person # 578 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 182 is already diseased
person # 312 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
person # 107 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
person # 242 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
person # 980 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
person # 200 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 409 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
person # 365 is already diseased
person # 951 is already diseased
person # 678 is already diseased
person # 35 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
person # 832 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 992 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 969 is already diseased
person # 228 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
person # 526 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 821 is already diseased
person # 950 is already diseased

------ person # 990 ------
person # 180 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 987 is already diseased
person # 430 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased
person # 444 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 517 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 434 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 936 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 509 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 122 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 996 is already diseased
person # 879 is already diseased
person # 55 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
person # 640 is already diseased
person # 778 is already diseased
person # 825 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
person # 986 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
person # 924 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 633 is already diseased
person # 692 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
person # 450 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
person # 498 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 953 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
person # 279 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
person # 869 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
person # 323 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 442 is already diseased
person # 457 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
person # 573 is already diseased
person # 794 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
person # 920 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
person # 201 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 37 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 477 is already diseased
person # 159 is already diseased
person # 867 is already diseased
person # 533 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 911 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased

------ person # 992 ------
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 631 is already diseased
person # 187 is already diseased
person # 346 is already diseased
person # 114 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
person # 794 is already diseased
person # 805 is already diseased
person # 844 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
person # 13 is already diseased
person # 184 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 754 is already diseased
person # 281 is already diseased
person # 734 is already diseased
person # 863 is already diseased
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 925 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 948 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
person # 401 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 260 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 762 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 340 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
person # 104 is already diseased
person # 726 is already diseased
person # 644 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
person # 301 is already diseased
person # 405 is already diseased
person # 818 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 607 is already diseased
person # 262 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 343 is protected
person # 243 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 692 is already diseased
person # 952 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 549 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
person # 728 is already diseased
person # 324 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 672 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
person # 928 is already diseased
person # 758 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
person # 939 is already diseased
person # 837 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
person # 670 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 812 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
person # 741 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 363 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 143 is already diseased
person # 8 is already diseased
person # 646 is already diseased
person # 793 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
person # 73 is already diseased
person # 620 is already diseased
person # 100 is already diseased
person # 563 is already diseased

------ person # 995 ------
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
person # 590 is already diseased
person # 470 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 127 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
person # 927 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
person # 218 is already diseased
person # 443 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
person # 27 is already diseased
person # 592 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
person # 754 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 976 is already diseased
person # 915 is already diseased
person # 57 is already diseased
person # 334 is already diseased
person # 707 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
person # 798 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
person # 643 is already diseased
person # 801 is already diseased
person # 414 is already diseased
person # 905 is already diseased
person # 111 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 700 is already diseased
person # 484 is already diseased
person # 964 is already diseased
person # 695 is already diseased
person # 287 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
person # 528 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
person # 843 is already diseased
person # 560 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 296 is already diseased
person # 99 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 20 is already diseased
person # 748 is already diseased
person # 561 is already diseased
person # 328 is already diseased
person # 902 is already diseased
person # 103 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
person # 570 is already diseased
person # 606 is already diseased
person # 701 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 361 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 636 is protected
vaccinated person # 42 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
person # 521 is already diseased
person # 614 is already diseased
person # 498 is already diseased
person # 196 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
person # 41 is already diseased
person # 806 is already diseased
person # 426 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
person # 235 is already diseased
person # 526 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
person # 539 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased

------ person # 996 ------
person # 454 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
person # 595 is already diseased
person # 677 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
person # 31 is already diseased
person # 886 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
person # 414 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
person # 942 is already diseased
person # 694 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
person # 609 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
person # 793 is already diseased
person # 379 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
person # 105 is already diseased
person # 180 is already diseased
person # 275 is already diseased
person # 829 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 584 is already diseased
person # 215 is already diseased
person # 400 is already diseased
person # 898 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
person # 330 is already diseased
person # 832 is already diseased
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 386 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 786 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 439 is already diseased
person # 627 is already diseased
person # 916 is already diseased
person # 140 is already diseased
person # 961 is already diseased
person # 146 is already diseased
person # 448 is already diseased
person # 648 is already diseased
person # 912 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
person # 404 is already diseased
person # 420 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
person # 733 is already diseased
person # 979 is already diseased
person # 270 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
person # 30 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
person # 22 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
person # 195 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
person # 466 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
person # 20 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 250 is already diseased
person # 391 is already diseased
person # 913 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
person # 737 is already diseased
person # 155 is already diseased
person # 699 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
person # 410 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 660 is protected
person # 800 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
person # 431 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 658 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
person # 234 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected

------ person # 1000 ------
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
person # 951 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 679 is already diseased
person # 435 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
person # 211 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
person # 897 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
person # 750 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
person # 616 is already diseased
person # 723 is already diseased
person # 252 is already diseased
person # 767 is already diseased
person # 564 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
person # 742 is already diseased
person # 553 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
person # 592 is already diseased
person # 543 is already diseased
person # 93 is already diseased
person # 667 is already diseased
person # 833 is already diseased
person # 703 is already diseased
person # 733 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
person # 725 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
person # 245 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
person # 346 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
person # 223 is already diseased
person # 216 is already diseased
person # 101 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
person # 179 is already diseased
person # 302 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
person # 988 is already diseased
person # 478 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 507 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
person # 835 is already diseased
person # 840 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 159 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
person # 857 is already diseased
person # 663 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
person # 267 is already diseased
person # 274 is already diseased
person # 830 is already diseased
person # 850 is already diseased
person # 909 is already diseased
person # 687 is already diseased
person # 720 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
person # 572 is already diseased
person # 815 is already diseased
person # 74 is already diseased
person # 214 is already diseased
person # 763 is already diseased
person # 192 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 55 is already diseased
person # 943 is already diseased
person # 573 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 160 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
person # 324 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
person # 367 is already diseased

<><><> Computing Deaths <><><>

>>> person # 606 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 562 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 564 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 799 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 218 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 964 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 909 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 969 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 93 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 430 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 146 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 350 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 925 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 505 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 657 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 122 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 37 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 507 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 409 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 450 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 943 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 413 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 521 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 592 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 528 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 990 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 423 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 35 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 340 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 477 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 13 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 270 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 279 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 913 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 330 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 24 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 829 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 543 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 955 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 876 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 213 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 378 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 100 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 948 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 715 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 805 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 577 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 800 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 960 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 688 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 926 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 74 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 742 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 62 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 20 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 235 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 524 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 670 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 810 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 700 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 734 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 586 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 458 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 155 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 912 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 186 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 243 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 16 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 631 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 897 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 428 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 460 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 938 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 980 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 245 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 614 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 723 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 89 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 646 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 848 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 992 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 891 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 539 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 832 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 707 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 342 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 821 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 806 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 401 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 166 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 395 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 784 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 578 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 750 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 77 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 336 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 70 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 419 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 436 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 589 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 885 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 989 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 442 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 488 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 900 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 41 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 597 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 534 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 222 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 871 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 708 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 120 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 175 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 695 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 719 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 394 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 198 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 116 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 709 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 939 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 612 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 747 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 363 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 275 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 627 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 268 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 748 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 767 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 491 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 649 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 584 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 195 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 453 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 480 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 944 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 951 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 353 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 425 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 172 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 983 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 484 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 667 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 702 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 426 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 737 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 253 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 64 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 867 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 231 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 111 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 727 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 916 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 956 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 546 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 105 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 36 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 725 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 671 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 454 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 481 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 8 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 238 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 907 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 242 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 618 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 159 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 825 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 324 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 863 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 67 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 486 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 745 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 361 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 823 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 228 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 447 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 758 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 678 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 766 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 615 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 565 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 513 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 644 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 857 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 323 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 40 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 570 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 22 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 76 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 131 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 961 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 605 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 470 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 269 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 1000 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 783 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 794 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 788 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 405 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 741 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 465 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 250 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 63 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 325 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 445 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 123 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 511 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 987 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 838 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 523 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 616 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 57 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 286 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 517 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 328 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 813 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 761 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 970 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 942 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 216 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 677 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 255 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 801 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 911 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 668 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 953 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 674 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 764 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 672 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 241 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 687 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 879 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 487 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 50 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 556 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 498 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 263 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 548 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 264 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 444 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 341 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 792 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 753 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 569 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 489 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 82 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 327 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 731 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 391 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 693 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 975 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 922 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 580 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 422 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 590 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 785 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 581 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 288 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 180 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 410 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 229 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 974 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 31 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 127 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 889 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 763 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 588 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 346 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 963 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 720 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 744 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 886 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 790 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 843 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 840 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 555 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 443 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 553 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 952 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 701 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 262 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 950 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 979 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 452 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 845 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 104 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 844 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 835 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 309 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 23 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 736 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 200 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 294 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 381 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 358 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 514 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 179 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 227 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 134 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 240 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 158 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 129 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 435 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 864 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 431 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 827 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 215 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 441 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 526 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 547 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 114 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 515 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 143 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 153 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 321 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 920 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 497 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 620 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 496 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 466 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 988 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 152 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 414 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 607 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 56 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 303 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 542 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 73 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 756 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 694 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 595 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 795 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 915 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 55 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 793 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 214 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 202 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 196 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 217 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 26 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 696 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 759 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 754 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 302 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 831 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 738 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 572 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 728 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 533 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 733 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 608 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 755 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 703 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 771 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 439 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 762 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 101 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 472 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 281 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 448 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 842 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 27 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 778 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 204 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 61 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 609 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 877 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 726 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 724 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 478 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 312 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 893 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 826 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 824 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 140 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 872 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 311 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 959 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 386 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 561 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 274 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 643 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 293 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 846 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 940 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 603 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 184 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 833 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 560 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 182 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 566 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 117 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 902 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 924 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 151 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 59 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 420 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 457 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 633 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 549 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 898 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 691 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 527 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 38 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 820 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 921 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 173 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 154 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 861 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 52 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 287 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 573 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 834 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 148 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 400 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 373 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 474 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 850 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 957 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 780 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 869 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 376 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 904 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 79 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 617 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 985 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 201 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 398 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 19 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 936 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 809 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 927 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 223 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 476 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 99 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 234 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 815 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 301 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 124 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 830 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 574 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 247 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 225 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 296 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 837 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 382 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 187 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 211 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 919 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 640 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 244 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 267 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 176 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 367 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 98 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 348 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 692 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 375 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 192 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 109 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 404 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 977 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 852 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 928 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 895 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 905 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 986 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 365 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 901 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 107 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 663 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 473 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 716 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 697 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 103 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 995 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 812 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 929 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 818 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 798 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 976 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 679 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 203 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 379 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 881 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 855 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 459 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 563 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 469 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 699 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 282 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 319 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 112 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 334 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 996 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 30 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 509 has survived the infection!

=========================
cycle # 4 has ended...
cycle # 5 is starting!
=========================


------ person # 6 ------
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 753 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 397 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 173 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 612 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 939 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 925 is protected
vaccinated person # 964 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 987 is protected
vaccinated person # 189 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 244 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 564 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 644 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 400 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 238 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 881 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 509 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 897 is protected
vaccinated person # 691 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 213 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 62 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 281 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 24 is protected
vaccinated person # 76 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 949 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 184 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 505 is protected
vaccinated person # 588 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 716 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected

------ person # 10 ------
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 197 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 247 is protected
vaccinated person # 505 is protected
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 440 is protected
vaccinated person # 852 is protected
vaccinated person # 608 is protected
vaccinated person # 154 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 182 is protected
vaccinated person # 528 is protected
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 995 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 693 is protected
vaccinated person # 663 is protected
vaccinated person # 987 is protected
vaccinated person # 710 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 240 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 419 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 113 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 829 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 262 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 977 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 102 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 325 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 8 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 203 is protected
vaccinated person # 699 is protected
vaccinated person # 472 is protected
vaccinated person # 326 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 612 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
vaccinated person # 976 is protected
vaccinated person # 330 is protected
vaccinated person # 989 is protected

------ person # 165 ------
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 400 is protected
vaccinated person # 336 is protected
vaccinated person # 37 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 826 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 53 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 182 is protected
vaccinated person # 694 is protected
vaccinated person # 262 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 921 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 172 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 99 is protected
vaccinated person # 232 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 143 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 523 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 588 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 225 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 486 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 441 is protected
vaccinated person # 40 is protected
vaccinated person # 929 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 373 is protected
vaccinated person # 995 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 52 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 590 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 395 is protected
vaccinated person # 309 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 419 is protected
vaccinated person # 564 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 423 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 924 is protected
vaccinated person # 259 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 582 is protected

------ person # 188 ------
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 799 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 441 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 760 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 902 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 303 is protected
vaccinated person # 663 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 950 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 31 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 29 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 967 is protected
vaccinated person # 391 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 600 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 238 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 897 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 667 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 679 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected
vaccinated person # 363 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 881 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 423 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 407 is protected
vaccinated person # 45 is protected
vaccinated person # 694 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 244 is protected
vaccinated person # 728 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 938 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 993 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 280 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 182 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 18 is protected
vaccinated person # 863 is protected
vaccinated person # 487 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 194 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 813 is protected
vaccinated person # 247 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected

------ person # 252 ------
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 626 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 283 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 461 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 278 is protected
vaccinated person # 960 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 985 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 67 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 753 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 799 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 395 is protected
vaccinated person # 590 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 726 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 149 is protected
vaccinated person # 573 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 199 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 328 is protected
vaccinated person # 391 is protected
vaccinated person # 398 is protected
vaccinated person # 339 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 750 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 692 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 897 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
person # 383 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 331 is protected
vaccinated person # 443 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 37 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 902 is protected
vaccinated person # 716 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 987 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 40 is protected
vaccinated person # 921 is protected
vaccinated person # 824 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 416 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 222 is protected
vaccinated person # 796 is protected
vaccinated person # 463 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected

------ person # 364 ------
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 109 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected
vaccinated person # 745 is protected
vaccinated person # 509 is protected
vaccinated person # 838 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 99 is protected
vaccinated person # 771 is protected
vaccinated person # 852 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 391 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 441 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 888 is protected
vaccinated person # 91 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 467 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 358 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 240 is protected
vaccinated person # 982 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 605 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 488 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 244 is protected
vaccinated person # 690 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 141 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 486 is protected
vaccinated person # 814 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 523 is protected
vaccinated person # 422 is protected
vaccinated person # 983 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 121 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 625 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 104 is protected
vaccinated person # 400 is protected
vaccinated person # 472 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 398 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 31 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 47 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 989 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 307 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected

------ person # 380 ------
vaccinated person # 238 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 418 is protected
vaccinated person # 211 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 938 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 309 is protected
vaccinated person # 543 is protected
vaccinated person # 344 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 330 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 213 is protected
vaccinated person # 31 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 883 is protected
vaccinated person # 826 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 511 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 985 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 924 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 109 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 106 is protected
vaccinated person # 221 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 247 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 487 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 377 is protected
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 925 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 209 is protected
vaccinated person # 387 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 50 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 829 is protected
vaccinated person # 503 is protected
vaccinated person # 608 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 127 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 76 is protected
vaccinated person # 214 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected
vaccinated person # 346 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 60 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 813 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 11 is protected

------ person # 383 ------
vaccinated person # 924 is protected
vaccinated person # 109 is protected
vaccinated person # 398 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 223 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 739 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 605 is protected
vaccinated person # 670 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 99 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 588 is protected
vaccinated person # 112 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 436 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 104 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 486 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
person # 10 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 115 is protected
vaccinated person # 566 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 345 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 85 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 93 is protected
vaccinated person # 704 is protected
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 277 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
person # 165 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 488 is protected
vaccinated person # 213 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 935 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 394 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 426 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 616 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 395 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 715 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 543 is protected
vaccinated person # 205 is protected
vaccinated person # 391 is protected
vaccinated person # 302 is protected
vaccinated person # 651 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 964 is protected
vaccinated person # 408 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 349 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 554 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
person # 364 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 691 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 667 is protected

------ person # 402 ------
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 501 is protected
vaccinated person # 223 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 680 is protected
vaccinated person # 182 is protected
vaccinated person # 109 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 338 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 509 is protected
vaccinated person # 489 is protected
vaccinated person # 291 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 329 is protected
vaccinated person # 706 is protected
vaccinated person # 346 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 590 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 964 is protected
vaccinated person # 247 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 573 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 860 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 289 is protected
vaccinated person # 925 is protected
vaccinated person # 472 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 813 is protected
vaccinated person # 694 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 866 is protected
vaccinated person # 173 is protected
vaccinated person # 881 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 997 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 691 is protected
vaccinated person # 262 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 987 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 140 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 899 is protected
vaccinated person # 212 is protected
vaccinated person # 40 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 398 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 612 is protected
vaccinated person # 213 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 136 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 483 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 863 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 328 is protected
vaccinated person # 897 is protected
vaccinated person # 791 is protected
person # 769 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 655 is protected

------ person # 552 ------
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 728 is protected
vaccinated person # 750 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 729 is protected
vaccinated person # 493 is protected
vaccinated person # 302 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
vaccinated person # 989 is protected
vaccinated person # 395 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 237 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 104 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 929 is protected
vaccinated person # 797 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
vaccinated person # 144 is protected
vaccinated person # 531 is protected
vaccinated person # 726 is protected
vaccinated person # 426 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 663 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 158 is protected
vaccinated person # 24 is protected
vaccinated person # 249 is protected
vaccinated person # 419 is protected
vaccinated person # 359 is protected
vaccinated person # 66 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 985 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 108 is protected
vaccinated person # 852 is protected
vaccinated person # 190 is protected
vaccinated person # 44 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 112 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 384 is protected
vaccinated person # 203 is protected
vaccinated person # 647 is protected
vaccinated person # 691 is protected
vaccinated person # 429 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 824 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 803 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 799 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 846 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 372 is protected
vaccinated person # 240 is protected
vaccinated person # 644 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 903 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 488 is protected
vaccinated person # 587 is protected
vaccinated person # 446 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 358 is protected
vaccinated person # 487 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 417 is protected
vaccinated person # 914 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 632 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 373 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 37 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 973 is protected
vaccinated person # 50 is protected

------ person # 648 ------
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 31 is protected
vaccinated person # 182 is protected
vaccinated person # 109 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 423 is protected
vaccinated person # 745 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 158 is protected
vaccinated person # 336 is protected
vaccinated person # 68 is protected
vaccinated person # 938 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 133 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 960 is protected
vaccinated person # 519 is protected
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 884 is protected
vaccinated person # 907 is protected
vaccinated person # 81 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 924 is protected
vaccinated person # 713 is protected
vaccinated person # 881 is protected
vaccinated person # 661 is protected
vaccinated person # 544 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 985 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 846 is protected
vaccinated person # 90 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 535 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 21 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
person # 552 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 472 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 258 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 67 is protected
vaccinated person # 984 is protected
vaccinated person # 824 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 94 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 203 is protected
vaccinated person # 328 is protected
vaccinated person # 566 is protected
vaccinated person # 58 is protected
vaccinated person # 496 is protected
vaccinated person # 807 is protected
vaccinated person # 621 is protected
vaccinated person # 512 is protected
vaccinated person # 987 is protected
vaccinated person # 910 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 605 is protected
vaccinated person # 438 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 892 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 147 is protected
vaccinated person # 76 is protected
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 238 is protected
vaccinated person # 839 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 728 is protected
vaccinated person # 104 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 906 is protected
vaccinated person # 925 is protected
vaccinated person # 774 is protected
vaccinated person # 3 is protected
vaccinated person # 162 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 965 is protected
vaccinated person # 346 is protected
vaccinated person # 233 is protected
vaccinated person # 551 is protected

------ person # 757 ------
vaccinated person # 518 is protected
vaccinated person # 870 is protected
vaccinated person # 201 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 663 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 817 is protected
vaccinated person # 300 is protected
vaccinated person # 939 is protected
vaccinated person # 356 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 93 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 639 is protected
vaccinated person # 693 is protected
vaccinated person # 541 is protected
vaccinated person # 745 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 644 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 223 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 150 is protected
vaccinated person # 177 is protected
vaccinated person # 598 is protected
vaccinated person # 936 is protected
vaccinated person # 432 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
vaccinated person # 750 is protected
vaccinated person # 224 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 403 is protected
vaccinated person # 816 is protected
vaccinated person # 398 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 357 is protected
vaccinated person # 532 is protected
vaccinated person # 422 is protected
vaccinated person # 991 is protected
person # 6 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 317 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 23 is protected
vaccinated person # 248 is protected
vaccinated person # 166 is protected
vaccinated person # 193 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 25 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 185 is protected
vaccinated person # 454 is protected
vaccinated person # 273 is protected
vaccinated person # 851 is protected
vaccinated person # 5 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 979 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 755 is protected
vaccinated person # 112 is protected
vaccinated person # 336 is protected
vaccinated person # 173 is protected
vaccinated person # 207 is protected
vaccinated person # 167 is protected
vaccinated person # 964 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 299 is protected
vaccinated person # 591 is protected
vaccinated person # 511 is protected
vaccinated person # 4 is protected
vaccinated person # 240 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 971 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 172 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 947 is protected
vaccinated person # 882 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 529 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 777 is protected
vaccinated person # 571 is protected
vaccinated person # 813 is protected
vaccinated person # 740 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 302 is protected
vaccinated person # 829 is protected
vaccinated person # 983 is protected
vaccinated person # 992 is protected

------ person # 769 ------
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 629 is protected
vaccinated person # 789 is protected
vaccinated person # 254 is protected
vaccinated person # 201 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 853 is protected
vaccinated person # 576 is protected
vaccinated person # 753 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 547 is protected
vaccinated person # 610 is protected
vaccinated person # 154 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 471 is protected
vaccinated person # 222 is protected
vaccinated person # 593 is protected
vaccinated person # 766 is protected
vaccinated person # 573 is protected
vaccinated person # 972 is protected
vaccinated person # 368 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 875 is protected
vaccinated person # 896 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 685 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 530 is protected
vaccinated person # 251 is protected
vaccinated person # 804 is protected
vaccinated person # 693 is protected
vaccinated person # 388 is protected
vaccinated person # 140 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 568 is protected
vaccinated person # 281 is protected
vaccinated person # 441 is protected
vaccinated person # 743 is protected
vaccinated person # 320 is protected
vaccinated person # 670 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 62 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 168 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 488 is protected
vaccinated person # 206 is protected
vaccinated person # 612 is protected
vaccinated person # 61 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 499 is protected
vaccinated person # 520 is protected
vaccinated person # 898 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 505 is protected
vaccinated person # 705 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 623 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 50 is protected
vaccinated person # 771 is protected
vaccinated person # 681 is protected
vaccinated person # 506 is protected
vaccinated person # 306 is protected
vaccinated person # 496 is protected
vaccinated person # 594 is protected
person # 937 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 683 is protected
vaccinated person # 677 is protected
person # 252 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 419 is protected
vaccinated person # 328 is protected
vaccinated person # 48 is protected
vaccinated person # 303 is protected
vaccinated person # 161 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 285 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 178 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 226 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 127 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 966 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 96 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 170 is protected
vaccinated person # 735 is protected
vaccinated person # 370 is protected
vaccinated person # 494 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected

------ person # 890 ------
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 481 is protected
vaccinated person # 415 is protected
vaccinated person # 874 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 495 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 730 is protected
vaccinated person # 335 is protected
vaccinated person # 12 is protected
vaccinated person # 489 is protected
vaccinated person # 976 is protected
vaccinated person # 714 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 314 is protected
vaccinated person # 239 is protected
vaccinated person # 538 is protected
vaccinated person # 686 is protected
person # 757 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 826 is protected
vaccinated person # 931 is protected
vaccinated person # 846 is protected
vaccinated person # 9 is protected
vaccinated person # 30 is protected
vaccinated person # 630 is protected
vaccinated person # 545 is protected
vaccinated person # 456 is protected
vaccinated person # 462 is protected
vaccinated person # 968 is protected
vaccinated person # 611 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 868 is protected
vaccinated person # 954 is protected
vaccinated person # 72 is protected
vaccinated person # 672 is protected
vaccinated person # 337 is protected
vaccinated person # 550 is protected
vaccinated person # 510 is protected
vaccinated person # 824 is protected
vaccinated person # 799 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 297 is protected
vaccinated person # 246 is protected
vaccinated person # 934 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 355 is protected
vaccinated person # 424 is protected
vaccinated person # 945 is protected
vaccinated person # 693 is protected
vaccinated person # 437 is protected
vaccinated person # 69 is protected
vaccinated person # 564 is protected
person # 648 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 722 is protected
vaccinated person # 157 is protected
vaccinated person # 166 is protected
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 802 is protected
vaccinated person # 486 is protected
vaccinated person # 347 is protected
vaccinated person # 880 is protected
vaccinated person # 369 is protected
vaccinated person # 271 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 423 is protected
vaccinated person # 999 is protected
vaccinated person # 721 is protected
vaccinated person # 908 is protected
vaccinated person # 665 is protected
vaccinated person # 638 is protected
vaccinated person # 828 is protected
vaccinated person # 49 is protected
vaccinated person # 126 is protected
vaccinated person # 296 is protected
vaccinated person # 281 is protected
vaccinated person # 663 is protected
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
vaccinated person # 716 is protected
vaccinated person # 819 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 523 is protected
vaccinated person # 624 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 932 is protected
vaccinated person # 50 is protected
vaccinated person # 605 is protected
vaccinated person # 7 is protected
vaccinated person # 492 is protected
vaccinated person # 755 is protected
vaccinated person # 765 is protected
vaccinated person # 852 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 655 is protected
vaccinated person # 422 is protected
vaccinated person # 265 is protected
vaccinated person # 317 is protected

------ person # 937 ------
vaccinated person # 449 is protected
person # 188 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 99 is protected
vaccinated person # 771 is protected
vaccinated person # 641 is protected
vaccinated person # 292 is protected
vaccinated person # 653 is protected
vaccinated person # 605 is protected
vaccinated person # 396 is protected
vaccinated person # 692 is protected
vaccinated person # 958 is protected
vaccinated person # 427 is protected
vaccinated person # 637 is protected
vaccinated person # 211 is protected
vaccinated person # 223 is protected
vaccinated person # 995 is protected
vaccinated person # 54 is protected
vaccinated person # 588 is protected
vaccinated person # 83 is protected
vaccinated person # 468 is protected
vaccinated person # 628 is protected
vaccinated person # 354 is protected
vaccinated person # 634 is protected
vaccinated person # 978 is protected
vaccinated person # 43 is protected
vaccinated person # 14 is protected
vaccinated person # 717 is protected
vaccinated person # 475 is protected
vaccinated person # 654 is protected
vaccinated person # 773 is protected
vaccinated person # 15 is protected
vaccinated person # 898 is protected
vaccinated person # 230 is protected
vaccinated person # 453 is protected
vaccinated person # 718 is protected
vaccinated person # 865 is protected
vaccinated person # 71 is protected
person # 890 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 156 is protected
vaccinated person # 573 is protected
vaccinated person # 941 is protected
vaccinated person # 537 is protected
vaccinated person # 46 is protected
vaccinated person # 897 is protected
vaccinated person # 558 is protected
vaccinated person # 128 is protected
vaccinated person # 508 is protected
vaccinated person # 28 is protected
vaccinated person # 770 is protected
vaccinated person # 423 is protected
vaccinated person # 652 is protected
vaccinated person # 894 is protected
vaccinated person # 679 is protected
vaccinated person # 261 is protected
vaccinated person # 599 is protected
vaccinated person # 166 is protected
vaccinated person # 80 is protected
vaccinated person # 313 is protected
vaccinated person # 360 is protected
vaccinated person # 622 is protected
vaccinated person # 670 is protected
vaccinated person # 693 is protected
vaccinated person # 668 is protected
vaccinated person # 455 is protected
vaccinated person # 158 is protected
vaccinated person # 579 is protected
vaccinated person # 669 is protected
vaccinated person # 272 is protected
vaccinated person # 8 is protected
vaccinated person # 220 is protected
vaccinated person # 65 is protected
vaccinated person # 420 is protected
vaccinated person # 171 is protected
vaccinated person # 92 is protected
vaccinated person # 585 is protected
vaccinated person # 421 is protected
vaccinated person # 56 is protected
vaccinated person # 62 is protected
vaccinated person # 878 is protected
vaccinated person # 132 is protected
vaccinated person # 684 is protected
vaccinated person # 118 is protected
vaccinated person # 781 is protected
vaccinated person # 490 is protected
vaccinated person # 315 is protected
vaccinated person # 689 is protected
vaccinated person # 509 is protected
vaccinated person # 746 is protected
vaccinated person # 87 is protected
vaccinated person # 672 is protected
vaccinated person # 332 is protected
vaccinated person # 333 is protected
vaccinated person # 295 is protected
person # 380 is already diseased
vaccinated person # 93 is protected
vaccinated person # 236 is protected
vaccinated person # 616 is protected
vaccinated person # 854 is protected
vaccinated person # 464 is protected
vaccinated person # 635 is protected

<><><> Computing Deaths <><><>

>>> person # 188 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 364 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 6 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 890 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 402 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 380 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 769 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 937 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 552 has survived the infection!
>>> person # 252 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 648 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 383 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 10 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 757 has died...rest in peace...
>>> person # 165 has survived the infection!

=========================
cycle # 5 has ended...

~~~~~~~~ RESULTS ~~~~~~~~
 starting population: 1000
finishing population: 518
  touched by disease: 705
    number of deaths: 482
=========================